i have now had my powerbook g4 667 mhz , 1024 ram ( yes maxed out ! ) 48 gb hd , etc . etc . and the etc refers to the gigabit eithernet ( included ) , built in airport card ( included ) , long life battery and the excellent quality 15 . 2 " wide_screen monitor we expect from apple . the system is excellent and well worth the price . the new graphics_card is excellent for gaming with it 's ddr ram . this is an excellent choice for the professional in any profession . there is no pc notebook that compare to it . i have had to call apple support a couple of times and the response was quick and they are able to answer any questions i had . i am very impressed ! good work apple keep it up .
this is an outstanding laptop to use . the extra inch of screen makes most programs easier to use ( you can put the os x dock on the left or right ) , and it is a comfortable size to type on or carry . this laptop is a significant jump in design from the previous , black , powerbook g3 laptops . apparently , the latest model has a slightly textured case , to prevent the chance of dropping it .
a one word review would suffice " wow ! ! ! " but , i will elaborate ..... ) this is the best laptop i 've ever owned . it is my fourth macintosh is just under three years . my first was a clamshell ibook . i then owned a powerbook g3 and an emac g4 but decided that i wanted portability in my g4 . i bought this powerbook g4 667 and never looked back . this was the most intelligent purchase i 've ever made in the computer world . apple designed a truly wonderful products . it is speedy , beautiful , and functional . i could not ask for more in a notebook computer . thanks , apple ! i 'm now a dedicated and loyal user .
what 's new ? 1 . 667 mhz g4 ( up from 500 mhz ) 2 . 667 mhz 256 kb l2_cache ( changed from 250 mhz 1 mb l2_cache ) 3 . 133 mhz system bus ( up from 100 mhz ) 4 . 512 mb pc133 sdram until end of 2001 ( up from 256 mb pc100 ) 5 . quieter 30 gb hard_disk ( up from 20 gb ) 6 . 6x dvd_rom drive ( up from 4x ) 7 . ati mobility radeon agp 4x graphics with 16 mb ddr ram ( changed from ati mobility rage agp 2x with 8 mb sdram ) much greater performance , higher_resolution when driving external display8 . gigabit ethernet9 . improved i o for faster firewire throughput ( as much as 2x greater bandwidth ) 10 . built in airport card ( was optional ) 11 . improved airport reception range12 . a c power_connector glows then connected to the outlet13 . redesigned , smaller a c adapter14 . higher_capacity battery ( 55 . 3 watt hour vs . 50 ) , but similar overall battery life15 . improved fit_and_finish ( e . g. , battery holder , touchpad ) 16 . cooler operating temperature17 . keyboard layout change ( 2nd command_key , elimination of 2nd option key ) 18 . improved keyboard feedback ( less spongy ) 19 . includes os x.1 and os 9.2 ( changed from ox x and os 9 . 1 )
i own several pc 's ( ugh ) and several macs . this titanium book is the ultimate . if you are familiar with apple 's superior os , and industrial designs , you are still in for a delight ! even my diehard wintel friends drool ! they just hafto touch it , and use it , if they 're lucky . you want it , you deserve it . do n't feel guilty , it 'll pay for itself ! pete
i 've had my powerbook g4 since january . i was shopping around for a new computer and came across this beauty . up to that point i had been strictly a pc user . however , i was sold on this computer . sure , it took a little getting used to a new os , but that only took a few days . when i bought this computer , i splurged . i brought the ram to 512 mb , i bought an ipod ( 5gb ) and an airport station , plus office x . yes , it cost me a small fortune , but it 's still worth it . i love this computer . this computer is fast ( even at 667 mhz ) ! ! it never seems to slow down . i can play a dvd in a window and be working on email or in excel or on a website and it keeps up . os x is incredibly stable and has only crashed once in 7 months . oh yeah , it 's also great looking . i sit at starbucks with it and constantly get people asking me about it . why only 4 stars ? battery_life does n't seem to be that great , even after turning the brightness down on the screen . however , apple has recently tweaked the dvd player and i can play a three hour dvd with no problems . for cross_country trips , i bought an extra_battery . also , the keyboard presses up against the screen when it 's closed and has made some marks on the lcd display . if you can afford it , i highly_recommend an ipod .
this is by far the best toy i have ever bought . it 's absolutely_beautiful , both the hardware and the operating system ( os x ) . i bought it primarily to edit digital_video of my new baby . it 's elegantly simple to download the video into imovie and extremely intuitive to edit the video . i upgraded the hard_drive to 30 gigs and the ram to 256 megs in order to give myself some head room . i thought i might not like the small screen but it seems not much less viewing area than my 17 " desktop_monitor . i bought the ibook instead of the titanium powerbook because the powerbook does not offer the dvd cd rw combo_drive . i wanted to be able to burn the videos i made to cd as well as backup and archive files on my hard_drive . i bought a mouse ( apple 's optical_mouse ) beacuse i generally do n't like trackpads . the single complaint i have is that the usb port is on the left side of the machine and i have to run the cord for the mouse under the computer to use it with my right hand . otherwise i am extremely_satisfied with my purchase .
still no comment not happy . i do n't want to say anything bad . so i was just saying and no , comment .
apple has reinvented the ibook as one of the best laptops . not just mac , but in all of the pc world . the second generation of this version has a faster_processor , a larger_hard_drive , and still looks great . people are drawn to look at this machine from the time you pull it from it 's case . i would certainly recommend a ram upgrade . 128 is okay , but it is just barely getting by . i 'd suggest at least doubling that . since the ibook only has one ram slot , you may want to do that on ordering . however , you can get quality chips for less from other sources , and since it 's a fairly_simple install you can do it yourself in a few minutes . i use my ibook as a webmaster with macromedia dreamweaver and fireworks , adobe_photoshop , and imovie 2 . my digital_camera mounts as an external_hard_drive . my digital video_camera links through the firewire port with no fuss at all . overall , i would highly_recommend the ibook .
i bought the one with a_20 gb_hard_drive , and i have since put an extra 256 mb memory in it . this machine is wonderful because it is so light , and yet it is powerful enough to run os x , and just about any software you want to throw at it . it is dynamite on airport networks . i move mine between home and work i.e . between two airport networks , and that is really easy and convenient . the screen is just the right size for a portable , and really easy to read , and clear as crystal . if you want speed , go for the higher cpu speeds and the higher bus speed , but i have been very happy with the 66 mhz bus and 500 mhz processor . it is fine for everyday work . if you really want to move fast , use your desktop . i use a dual_processor g4 with two screens when i really need to move fast during the day . however , my ibook is always on , in use for my calendar and for backups , resting by the side of my desktop screens . i would not be without it . at home it is my main_machine , where i do all my work stuff . what amazes me is how many applications i can keep open and in use for hours under os x . no crashes , lots of flexibililty to keep many things going at once . absolute magic ! the really neat thing is when you meet a pc maven , or even a g4 powerbook , the other machines are so big ! this ibook is wonderful on the road . i have carried my ibook around in a ordinary bag , not a padded computer bag , for a week at at time , bumping about , with no ill effects , either on the computer or on my shoulder ! i add this comment over a year later . i stand by what i said above , except that the hinge on the screen is giving me trouble now . the computer needs to warm up for a while before i can put the screen in its fully opened position . eventually , i am going to have it fixed .
almost all of the specs on this baby are just what you want in a laptop fast_processor , just over 1 inch thick case , less than 5 pounds , 5 hour_battery . in person , you wo n't believe how small and truly portable this machine is . it 's great for reporters on the go such as myself , or for students in a dorm room . it has all the right ports , and appears to be made with quality in mind . the screen is exceptionally bright as well . my only two complaints 1 ) the low_end model skimps horribly on the memory ( for shame , apple ! they could have added another 64 mb ) . you can upgrade the memory easy enough aftermarket , but that 's an annoyance ( 128mb is practically required for os x , btw ) . 2 ) the screen is a fairly miserly 12 . 1 inches , although it is active_matrix and high resolution . now , keep in mind that this contributes to the low_cost , svelte form_factor and long_battery_life , but i would n't mine having a 13 14 inch_screen when i 'm squinting at text all day . i generally solve this problem by upping the size of the fonts , but still , this screen is rather small . if you buy one of the higher_end models , say the one with the dvd drive , you may find that watching a dvd on this small screen is not exactly the cinematic dream that you find on the amazing titanium powerbook g4 ( with its glorious ultrawide 15 . 3 " screen . ) enjoy !
what one gets for the price you can beat it . frankly , the speed is outstanding considering what the spec 's . are . great machine , highly_recommend it !
i was looking for a decent laptop for under 1000 and this toshiba model fit the bill perfectly . i wanted a laptop with cd rw and dvd drives , a minimum of 256mb ram and 30gb hard_drive space . obviously , i was not looking for a professional laptop that is super thin and light . i was looking for something that can be a decent replacement for a desktop without paying 2000 for the privelege . this model has a very fast_processor ( it is celeron , but if you are like most computer users , anything over 1 ghz is overkill ! ) , pretty spacious hard_drive and the ability to record cd 's and watch dvd 's . if you are into games that require 256mb of video ram , this is not the laptop for you , but i watch dvd 's on this laptop ( on just battery power ) and it plays back flawlessly . the laptop also comes with ms works software , software for creating cd 's , windvd and other goodies . overall , a steal for under 1000 ( you can get it for under 1000 even though the list_price is over 1100 right now ) . it also has a huge 15 " screen as opposed to the 14 " screens that most low_end laptops have . the main disadvantages of the laptop that i see are ( 1 ) no serial_port . this can be taken care of by using up one of the 3 usb ports and a usb to serial conversion cable . ( 2 ) the maximum_resolution of the screen is 1024x768 ( i am used to 1280x1024 , so this is a bit of a pain in the neck ) . ( 3 ) only 2.5 hours of battery run time . ( 4 ) on the heavy side at almost 8 lb ( including battery , not including charger , adapter etc . ) .
this is a very good machine for users looking for a mobile desktop . it has all the key features for a mobile desktop powerful intel cpu , dvd , cd rw , 15 " screen , plenty of ram and hdd space . the cpu was built by intel to be used in desktops , not notebooks that mean it uses more power and runs a little hotter . toshiba has been using desktop cpu in their low_cost machines because they cost less . if ( like many users ) you tend to plug your notebook in and use it at a desk , then this is a pretty good deal . if you are looking for a thin , light , long life notebook that will sit on your lap for long periods , then this is n't the machine for you ( those machines are much higher up the price ladder ) . the graphics on this notebook are okay , but they wo n't run newer 3d games very well . they are great for moderate_gaming , cad work , or watching_dvds . in all fairness there are very few notebooks in this price_range that have 3d gaming quality graphics . the hp xt125 is an exception to this rule if you really want a gaming capable notebook ( it has it 's own tradeoffs like a 14 " screen ) . if you " want it all " you will have to spend a bit more money . this is a low_cost notebook so you do n't quite get everything . the quality of the components is good , but not first_rate , the battery_life is n't a long as more expensive offerings , and this is n't a notebook built for hardcore gamers . but if you want a powerful computer you can carry around with a large_screen , then you wo n't find many that compare in this price_range .
the toshiba satellite really tries to match feature for feature most of the things you 'd want on a laptop desktop_replacement . the lcd screen is bright and clear , the components that you need are all there dvd , floppy , 30gb hard_drive and a reasonably fast 1.8 ghz celeron cpu . the system runs hot , however , because the battery on this unit is really not what i 'd call good . it specs out around 2 hours but i get less time than that on mine . ( batteries can vary widely . ) so , for long plane trips when you are stuck in coach with no ac outlet at hand , you are going to have to work fast before your system conks out , or else carry an additional charged battery . there are three usb ports , a network 10 100 support and a 56k modem that on my unit connects at almost the theoretical maximum speed . these connectivity features are essentials for a portable , along with the touchpad pointer . i am not a fan of touchpads , but the one on the satellite works particularly well , allowing me to forgo my cordless mouse on a cramped airplane tray_table . neither the celeron cpu nor the nvidia graphics on board this unit will be suitable for graphics heavy work or games it 's a bit underpowered for these applications . if the satellite only had a better battery , i 'd rate this a top class road warrior . as it is , this unit has almost everything you want but it 's not a one hundred percent laptop for extended off powerline use nor a full desktop_replacement . it 's kind of a compromise , but for the price , a reasonably good set of trade offs .
i have nothing against toshiba , although they 've certainly laid a few eggs in the laptop market ( the last one being a line 5005 s507 that featured a desktop cpu piii that ran way too hot for the confined space of a laptop and resulted in numerous maddening shutdowns ) . anyway , this one features a reasonably capable 1.8 ghz celeron chip as its pcu . these chips are a kind of " intel lite " with rather limited graphics rendering capabilities . speaking of graphics , the video_card matches the celeron 's limited abilities , offering only 16 megs of video ram . while the machine plays dvds ( and this is a nice feature of laptops , one that can make long trips quite tolerable ) , it does so with disappointing aplomb ( though given its chip video_card setup , this is what one would expect ) . also irksome , it has no usb 2.0 ports ( though it does have 3 usb 1.0 ports ) these are becoming a necessity for many new high speed peripherals . my last issue with this computer is its weight at 8 pounds , it 's quite an armful if you 're carrying it too far . you might expect that kind of weight in a more capable , desktop_replacement machine , but not in this road only unit . finally , i would mention that the company handled the fiasco with the above mentioned overheating laptops rather poorly fixes under warranty were available , but no blame was admitted and of course once the warranties are up , those machines will likely become paperweights . however , toshiba did discontinue the line , but little good that will do for those who bought the bad apples in the first place . anyway , i think the bottom line here is that there are better deals on better machines to be had , and perhaps from better companies to boot .
this is a great work horse , fully adequate for day to day activities like email , web_browsing , cd recording , dvd playing , office_applications , and the likes . with its 16 mb of dedicated_graphics memory , the nvidia chipset also allows for moderate_gaming , if so desired . this is a great step ahead of most other offers in this price class , since the majority of the competition in this price segment seems to rely on sharing main_memory for graphics . the latter approach is not only costing the user memory , but also tends to be slower than dedicated_graphics memory . while the standard 256 mb ram initially seem to be adequate , over time it turns out that in order to take full advantage of the capabilities of this machine , another 256 mb are helpful . since there 's an empty slot readily available , inserting a pc2100 s0 dimm oneself is a no brainer . depending on the user 's environment , there 's also an optional wireless card available that can be mounted inside the laptop computer . given the relatively steep price_tag of the internal card , the user will have to decide whether to go with this option , thus keeping the pc_card slot available , or rather opting for any of the readily available pc_card wireless cards . given the fact that the internal card only allows for 802 . 11b , some users might consider this at a mere 11 mbit sec to be too slow and thus will rather sacrifice the pc_card slot to insert a card capable of higher wireless transmission rates as provided by 802 . 11a and or 802 . 11g . in order to get the most out of the battery , it is important to adjust the power_management settings accordingly . out of the box , the defaults are set to provide maximum performance , thus draining the battery pretty_fast . if , however , the settings are adjusted to preserve battery_life , the battery lasts easily for more than two hours ( well , that 's still depending on what you 're doing playing cd 's or dvd 's it 'll obviously drain faster ) . one major drawback of this laptop is its considerable weight at 8 lbs it serves well for a dedicated workout of various muscle groups when lugging it around . on the other hand , the display is clear and bright enough to use as a replacement for a 17 " crt tube . with its 15 " lcd display it offers almost the same visible area . if resolutions higher than the lcd 's 1024x768 are required an external_monitor can be attached but in order to do the higher_resolutions justice my recommendation is to attach at least a 19 " crt or an 18 " lcd externally . while the keyboard takes a bit of time to get used to , it operates better than a lot of the cheap " standard " keyboards quite often included in package deals for desktop machines . toshiba also paid attention to detail when placing the delete_key . while a lot of other notebook manufacturers place it too close to a key like shift , backspace or enter , thus risking accidental deletion of characters , the key is easily_accessible on the keyboard , yet sufficiently separated from these two other keys that one does not accidentally operate it . after some initial adjustment of its sensitivity , i 've also come to appreciate the glide pad , even though i used to swear by the razor tip control offered by my previous notebook and laptop computers . with the excellent sound provided by this system , and the fact that it is one of the quietest laptops i have encountered to date , this is a pretty good buy .
pros solid_build_quality , excellent screen and keyboard , perfect out of the boxcons heavy , so so battery_life , features only " average " for the pricesummary i really liked the keyboard , the feel of the keys being much better than most other low_priced machines , and the screen was very sharp and bright . one thing i did n't like is the weight , over 8 pounds with the battery , much heavier than the competition . after hearing so many stories about problems with laptops , i quickly unpacked it and fired it up . i was happy to see the solid case for the machine , it 's plastic but it 's quite strong . i was also very happy to see no dead_pixels , something which seems to plague many or most laptops . in fact , manufacturers do n't even consider a few dead_pixels a defect , despite how annoying they are . i was happy to see the on board tutorial which makes set up a snap . also , back up cd 's are provided for the system , something which many manufacturers are beginning to cut_corners on . i also quickly tried out a dvd , something which many laptops stumble on . playback was perfect , with crystal clear images and decent_sound . the cd rw capability also worked as advertised , again a stumbling point with some machines . overall , i 'm very satisfied with the toshiba . it is heavy , no doubt about it , and battery_life is only mediocre , at just over 2 hours . speaker quality is decent , considering it 's a laptop with tiny_speakers . it certainly wo n't rival a good 3 piece desktop speaker set , but no laptop will . but everything works_perfectly , and there are a few nice extras that many machines cut in favor of cost savings . like the floppy drive , the cd controls on the outside of the machine , so you can play cd 's without having to boot up the machine , and the volume thumb wheel on the front . this is much nicer than having to wade through menus just to adjust the volume . the toshiba is well thought out with a solid , quality feel . it feels like they designed the computer to do a job and then priced it accordingly rather than deciding on a price and then cutting costs to meet it .
i deleted my original , 5 star review . i know this particular model is no longer available , but if my experience is any indication , you should think hard before buying a toshiba laptop , especially a lower end model . i had the satellite 1415 s173 for three years during the first year i had it , it blew a hard_drive ( thankfully under warranty ) . i had it fixed and less than a week later , it blew another hard_drive . this time it went back to toshiba to be fixed . all was more or less well for the next two years , when a windows problem shut the thing down completely . i took my data out of it and switched back to a mac . i am sick of windows' unreliability , susceptibility to viruses and other problems , and the masking_tape and chewing_gum nature of patching together windows machines just in order to make them function . but more to the point , the computer had inherent problems , first and foremost being the cheap desktop processor toshiba uses ( or used ) in their lower end laptops . this machine got incredibly hot and i was told this is probably what killed my first 2 hard_drives . if you have one of these machines , i highly_recommend a cooling platform which is probably the only thing that kept my laptop running for an additional 2 years . it 's a shame , because aside from being very heavy and having a weak battery charge ( 1 . 5 hours at best ) , this laptop was attractive and easy to use with a nice bright_display . but ultimately not a good value at 1 , 200 i do n't consider it a " cheap " machine by any means , and certainly not when compared to my ( less expensive ) ibook .
i 've worked on and with macs for years . our company has around fifteen powerbooks g4s in use , four of which are the 1ghz models with the superdrive ( dvd r ) . i use one of them daily , and it is the strongest performing laptop i 've used ( i also use a sony vaio pcg grx670 , a 2ghz p4 , very comparable pc laptop ) . the apple does n't so much run circles around the sony , they are about the same overall speed wise , but the pb manages to feel faster by at least 15 . the powerbook and the os ( mac_os x 10 . 2 ) are better integrated . i do n't know how well the sony will do over time physically . the pb g4 is basically the same as it was 2 years_ago , and those machines have proved to be very durable , scratches being the only problem . oh , and someone at work spilled a beer on theirs . it would n't start and appeared dead . our local apple dealer took the motherboard out , dumped it in water , let it dry a couple_days , put it back together , and it started up just fine . anyway , great machine . if you need raw_power in a portable package , enough so that you can replace your desktop with this too , then this is the machine for you .
mine is actually a generation back ( 800mhz processor ) . it 's more than fast enough for the things that i do ( graphic_design , mathematics , music recording , programming , internet browsing ... can you tell i have catholic interests ? ) the apple bundled apps are fantastic , and iphoto incorporates enough of what i do to my pictures that i rarely open photoshop any more ( not to mention the permanent retention of the original photo is always a good thing ) . i rarely reboot the system ( it 's just not necessary unless i do an os upgrade ) , or close applications and all is well . it 's nice to have word , excel , safari , itunes , eudora , illustrator and indesign all at the ready at a moment 's notice . perhaps most exciting is the realization that with this machine i just do n't need a desktop anymore . my g4 tower gets only occasional use anymore ( and the pc has n't been turned on for nearly a year ) . this is easily the only computer you 'll ever need .
my 15 " powerbook g4 has lived up to every one of my expectations and more . i 'm a teacher that uses both windows and mac computers on a regular basis . it was n't until i had a chance to use os x that i decided to purchase a new mac laptop . i already owned one of the original imacs , but that computer is starting to show its age . the computer that i used the most regularly is the pc that i built for my wife last spring ( amd athlon xp 1800 running_windows_xp pro ) . that computer has served us well , but like every other windows machine i 've ever used , it has major software problems . here 's the defining reason to buy a mac over a pc . apple integrates their software into their hardware designs . microsoft on the other hand has very limited control over the hardware_design of computer manufacturers . thus , windows tends to have more issues with hardware software conflicts . once you try os x and all of apples applications ( iphoto , itunes , imovie , idvd , safari ) , you will realize that the power of this powerbook is at the heart of its software . i have yet to see a pc laptop that can match the elegance of the powerbook g4 and the sophistication of os x . sony comes close , but they will remain one step behind as long as their computers run_windows . on the other hand , my powerbook and os x is completely flawless . this laptop , like every other that i 've ever used , gets quite toasty on your lap after you using for 30 minutes . there 's a simple fix for this though . i just put a blanket or a pillow underneath the computer when i use it on my lap . other than that , i have " 0 " complaints . the screen is beautiful . the 1ghz processor makes computer " feel " quite snappy . and the built in dvd rw , paired with idvd , is awesome ! my best advice for anyone considering the purchase of this powerbook is to test it at an apple store , borrow one from a friend , or just buy it . you wo n't_regret it !
i freely admit , i am writing this at the sunset rather than beginning of the titanium powerbook 's technological lifecycle . but , as a died in the wool wintel person , what is really remarkable is that , after a hiatus of about 10 years , i have bought a macintosh again . you can blame this on a combination of three things one of my computers died , i needed a portable , and i just bought an ipod . supporting the latter , and getting my ears onto itunes was the deciding_factor . there is no question that the titanium is a superb computer . it is every bit as fast as my pentiums , it is beautifully_designed , and the 15 inch_screen is a big plus for my tired eyes . but what is really amazing is the overall slickness of the operating system and its standard software . i was setting up a wireless network for myself when i bought the powerbook . literally the only thing i had to do to get it to fit in was to tell it to activate its internal airport . meanwhile , i am still fighting glitches in my windows machines . i plugged in my ipod , my cell phone , and my pda and when i ran isync i got all three devices and the powerbook to synchronise . and this is typical of osx 's approach to seamless operation . the powerbook excels at graphics and music work , and that is where my interests lie . the included_software provides basic functionality which can be fleshed out with a host of excellent software . and the powerbook is certainly strong enough to run them . with a built in dvd burner as well as both usb2 and firewire 400 connectors you can accessorize and gadgetize this machine to your hearts content . of course , there is a price to pay . osx is different at heart than any windows os . not in big ways , but in countless little deviations that will take a bit of acclimatization . even purchased software life microsoft office will do unexpected things on occasion . i heartily recommend that you do n't fall for apple 's " you do n't need a manual " hype and go out and buy one of those 700 page volumes that ramble their way through the host of macintosh features . the more you find out about this machine , the better it gets .
i travel a lot . i need to be connected . i need to be able to do my work on the road . i 've been a windows user for most of my adult life . i 've used various windows laptops over the years . i 've seen and used friends' g4 towers and imacs . i liked using mac_os x . but i was n't sure about a powerbook . would it be portable and powerful enough ? then my best friend got one from his employer , and was utterly enraptured . i spent a weekend using his powerbook , and bought my own matching one as soon as i got home . the 15 " display is gorgeous . unlike many windows laptops ( especially the thinkpad i use for work ) , it is readable from many angles . i often use my powerbook to watch dvds . for my windows laptop , it is hard to position it so that two people sitting next to each other ( such as on an airplane ) can both see it . with my powerbook , i never have to worry about that . besides the fantastic viewing_angle , its rendering of colour is very life like . the weight of the powerbook is great . for such a fully_featured laptop , the weight is very light . i carry it all the time and never find myself cursing it for being so heavy . i use the following applications on my powerbook regularly framemaker , photoshop , toast with jam , quicken and the sims ( hey , i ca n't work all the time ! ) . during normal use , i usually have framemaker , a couple of web_browser windows , icq ( an instant messenging program ) , ical , and mail . i never have to wait for it to swap between applications like i do on my windows laptop . since os x is unix based , an experienced linux or unix user can simply open a terminal and do all of the command_line stuff you know so well . i even run xwindows on my powerbook . i love having a nice looking gui for some tasks ( such as framemaker ) , but still having the power of lex , yacc , and all of my favourite unix tools . apache is already installed , i did n't have to muck about with getting perl working . and i 've never had my powerbook show me the blue_screen_of_death , whereas i get that about once a week on my windows laptop . my powerbook just works . i can troubleshoot windows problems with the best of them . but with my powerbook , i never have to bother . it took three firmware upgrades before my windows laptop would recognise my wireless network . the first time i turned my powerbook on , it found my wireless network immediately . i did n't have to bother configuring anything . any device that i have added has been similarly trivial to set up . i do n't think that i could be happier with my powerbook . i am extremely happy that i made the switch . using windows is now even more of an annoyance than it was before i knew better .
i 've been using pc 's for twenty years my first was a compaq lunchbox luggable that ran dos 1.1 . today i have a couple of ibm laptops and dell desktops , all running_windows_xp pro . i was in the market for a new laptop , and after looking around for awhile , i came to the conclusion that there was nothing in the pc world to compare with the powerbook from a pure hardware standpoint . that is , i could n't find anything that included all of the of the following 1 " thick profile , but with an extremely sturdy titanium case ( that does n't flex ) 15 . 1 " screen , and a dazzline one at that slot_loading cd_dvd drive that writes both cd 's and dvd 's long_battery_life ( 3 4 hrs . ) sturdy keyboard with decent tactile_feel and minimal flex built in bluetooth built in firewire built in wireless networking ( airport ) i found machines that offered maybe two or three of these , but none that had them all . since 75 of the work i do involves using ms excel , word and powerpointk , excellent versions of which are available in office x for mac , i decided to give the powerbook a try . i have n't been disappointed . this is a terrific machine . the display is awesome , and the os x operating system is enough to make me give xp the boot . when i first got the machine home and turned it on , it went through a short configuration routine in which the airport card automatically detected my wireless network and had me on the internet in minutes no loading pc_card software and setting parameters and entering system id 's . i 'm seriously thinking of getting a dual_processor 1 . 42ghz power mac as my next desktop . my only reservations center on the relative paucity of native os x software . i miss not having visio or access available , although the machine comes bundled with a trial_version of filemaker pro , which while not a replacement for access , is decent . it also comes with omnigraffle , which while not as powerful as visio , is adequate . even mainstream applications like encyclopedias and software are sparse ( britannica is the only encyclopedia i 've found that will run native under os x ) . i use bible software extensively on my pc , but there 's only one decent product available for mac_os x , and it 's really expensive . also , as a hobbyist music recording and guitar enthusiast , i 'm disappointed there 's not more stuff available for the mac . there are a few high end programs like logic , pro_tools and ( soon ) digital performer available for sequencing recording , but little else . programs like finale , band in a box , jammer , etc . are virtually non existent . if i were running apple , i think i 'd concentrate on being developing innovative , state of the art software to complement os x . still , the more i use my powerbook , the more i 'm inclined to switch completely . this is a great machine with a terrific operating system .
everything else is ticking me off lately , this vaio being the latest . it wo n't run my nero software , or stomp , or anything it seems that is not somehow sony affiliated . and their software has givin me nothing but problems . the video editor that came with the bundled_software tends to disappear right before my eyes , so i end up saving my work every 3 seconds . and i 've burnt dvd 's that are bad even though vaio says they 're fine . sonic music software that comes with it will not burn . wav files to cd 's unless you have imported them using their software . the list goes on . and i recommend avoiding their external_dvd burner like the plague . and their dvd players ( i have 2 ) wo n't play 5 of my dvd 's for no reason ( and of course they play on others ) .
at over 8 pounds of carrying weight , this vaio is not ideal as a traveling laptop . instead , it 's designed to be a desktop_replacement . witness the 2 . 8ghz p4 processor ( not the mobile version ) , which is screaming fast especially for gaming and video audio editing , as well as 512mb of fast ram and large_screen . btw , the screen is beautiful and has terrific viewing_angles . this particular configuration is a good value what you wo n't get is built in dvd burner . otherwise sony , in its usual way , throws in a lot of add on software . performance seems pretty good , as the system is responsive at all times . the internal fan does kick in a lot , to cool down the system . in this regard , i highly_recommend a cooling_pad with built in fans , such as the " bytecc cooling_pad " i 'm currently using . it plugs into the usb port and the fans keep the air flowing under the laptop . a beautiful_screen , admirably fast performance , and general good looks make this vaio a good choice for anyone except those needing a constant traveling companion .
if you need to bring your work home , this is the notebook for you . but , if you 're looking for a more whole experience including watching_movies , playing_games , and listening_to_music , etc ... , then this notebook is not for you . i bought it a week_ago from fry 's electronics , but ended up returning it because it was a " barebone " system in that it has a blazing_fast processor , bus speed , and memory but that 's about all it has ! do n't get me wrong . sony notebooks are excellent in quality . about 6 months_ago , i bought the 505bx ( 12 . 1 " ) display , and it was a great performer as well . but the problem here is that this frv26 has no wireless_internet , which is becoming so important these days . also , it has shared video memory which takes from your 512 mb of memory , leaving you with 448 mb of main_memory . also , it has no memory stick slot , no floppy drive , and worst of all , a horrible graphics set with only 1024 x 760 resolution which , although common , is more suitable for a child . basically , they stripped it of every bell and whistle to offer it for a cheap 1500 . it 's a good deal , again , if you need business performance , otherwise .... go for a dell ( ... ) or an ibm . you 'll have to wait a week or two for the dell or ibm , but it 's worth it .
never ever a buy a sony laptop . they provide you a a cd rw for freeeeeeeeee ! ! the trick behind is that they do n't need to provide you a recovery_cd . what all you get in the box is the trash aol cd ! ! they have a program that will create 10 coasters in order to recover the applications and os ! ! i will never ever rely on this ! ! so , please stay away ! ! that is billion dollar advice i can give .
sony has always made quirky computers , not bad mind you but their products remind me of saabs . anyway , this one is certainly a powerhouse , with a bigger processor than most home systems today , coupled with a mediocre sized hard_drive ( especially when one considers this pc is designed to be a media center , with its very good graphics and cd_dvd player ) and a very crisp display . the drawbacks here are important 1 ) the 2.8 p4 processor is not ideal for mobile use . it throws off a lot of heat and it uses batteries recklessly . 2 ) the addition of another battery is a pretty steep investment , and in true sony style , it 's proprietary , so make that check out to s o n y . 3 ) the weight of this machine is a killer if you 're traveling , especially through huge airports where your flight is almost guaranteed to land at the gate farthest from civilization . 4 ) the absence of an integrated wireless modem these days is unforgivable . wireless is commonplace , especially for travelers students ( airports , hotels , convention centers , schools , libraries , etc . ) , and in the next few years it will be virtually ubiquitous . anyway , it 's not a bad computer , but i think it firmly meets the needs of no particular market segment . i have no doubt that today 's buyer can do better at dell or gateway , or , for the traveler on a budget , at averatec .
for the price listed here ( and you can get even better rebates if you look ) this vaio is a fabulous steal . at the very least , you wo n't have " restore " problems etc as a reviewer called " sam michaels " mentioned . one wonders if mr . sam has heard of windows_xp and the restore feature within it . it has nothing to do with sony . if you want even higher duty backup facility then get something more professional like acronic trueimage or norton ghost . ( seldom necessary unless you know what you want out of these . ) the hardware of sony vaios is still made entirely in japan , unlike your average ibms or dells ( which are made in china or malaysia . ) this means that sony 's hardware is top notch , at the very least you can bet it wo n't begin to crawl after a year of solid ( ab ) use . the only reason i take off one star from this review is the missing track point ball from this laptop , but some people like the touchpad for the mouse , and if you are one of these latter , this is a 5 out of 5 machine ! do n't listen to foolish naysayers . vaio rocks , especially for the quoted price ( 1 , 200 usd as of this writing . )
i have had mine for a couple of years . strange , but my sony camera and this laptop are n't compatible . each time i would try to viev a movie from my camera , the laptop would shut down . sony said it 's a microsoft problem and microsoft said it 's a sony problem . i got with sony tech_support . they had me erase all my programs and start all over again as if it was a brand new laptop . while on the phone talking to them , the dvd player broke . they immediately had me send the laptop to them . they repaired the dvd and said i did n't have to erase my programs after all . i started the computer and on the first try , the computer shut down again . i told them it still does n't work properly . that 's as far as it went . if i would have known i was going to have this much trouble with the laptop and support , i would of purchased a different brand .
as a_20 year pc user ( my first computer was a pre 8088 luggable ) , i was n't entirely sure what to expect when i got my powerbook . i 'm not a switcher , and i 'm certainly not a fanboy , but i love this machine . it 's fast . the graphics look great . the machine 's design is wonderful the backlit_keyboard , the glowing apple on the lid , even the power_cord balances form and function nicely . there are a few areas that have room for improvement . for instance , the computer did n't come with an operator 's manual . granted , it 's the trend lately to not include manuals with computer products , but i could have used one ( if for no other reason than to determine what the hotkey represented by what looks like a down escalator is ( trial and error reveals it to be the option alt_key ) ) . fortunately there are a lot of good third party manuals and tech magazines to fill the need . likewise , there are manufacturers of multi button mice that work with the mac still i fail to see the advantage to the one button touchpad , splitting the button in two would have made the powerbook near perfect . after a couple decades it 's nice to have an easily transportable computer again . the 15 inch color screen is a vast improvement over my old luggable 's 4 inch amber monochrome screen . the weight and battery_life are equally impressive ( considering the pc ran on power_cord only any battery_life would be an improvement , but 3 . 5 hours for word_processing is wonderful ) . i still like my desktop_pc , but as i overcome the learning_curve i expect i 'll like my powerbook even more .
this is awesome ! i replaced my desktop with this feature_rich laptop and love it . the wide_screen is perfect for watching_dvds and the design is stunning . the best part about it is os x . very stable and much more intuitive than it 's windows counterpart . i ca n't think of one bad_thing to say about this laptop . yes , it costs more than your average laptop , but it packs many more features . worth every bit of the money .
my powerbook has been accidentally dropped twice . the first time it fell from a table as my kids were watching a dvd movie from the laptop . the second time my carrying fell from a reception counter . the powerbook is still running as if nothing had happened .
the technical_details regarding this mac are available for all to read , and there is no reason for me to repeat them . i will only note that this mac continues my lengthy experience with poor apple quality_control . it came , as did many of this model , with white splotches marring the screen , and the track pad button was so stiff i could n't consistently hold it down . both of these probems existed out of the box and the mac was sent to apple for repair . since 1997 , all but two apple hardware products i 've_purchased and there have been many have suffered from at least one substantial defect . one small additional note the keyboard is rather slick fingers tend to slip while typing . the unpainted keys of my ibook have a better feel .
it 's been 3 years since i joined apple 's bandwagon , courtesy of 2nd_generation top of the line powerbook g4 . back then , it represented state of the art with 1 " thick titanium finished chassis and 15 . 2 " widescreen lcd , filled with many desktop like features 667 mhz g4_processor ( up from 500 mhz of 1st_generation powerbook g4 ) , gigabit_ethernet ( up from fast_ethernet ) , built in airport ( was optional ) , and dvd cd rw combo_drive ( was dvd rom or cd rw only ) . two more generations of powerbooks later ( 3rd added 1280 by 854 lcd , dvi output , faster graphics , and 800 mhz g4 4th added 1 ghz g4 , faster graphics , and superdrive ) , we get more substantial upgrade . no , this 5th generation powerbook does not have a g5 processor . mobile g5 probably is n't due for another year or so ( apple and ibm are busy at work cranking out powerpc 980 ) . the most radical upgrade has to be aluminum alloy chassis . while not as hip as titanium , aluminum alloy is about as strong as titanium , while looking beautiful and providing one important benefit nothing 's painted over it . pure aluminum alloy finish . titanium powerbooks were notorious for paint chipping off . now the powerbooks will stay beautiful year after year . as an added benefit , every keys on the keyboard are painted in aluminum alloy to give more complete metallic look and feel . other notable improvements include 1 . 25 ghz g4_processor ( 10 25 faster than 1 ghz predecessor ) airport extreme ( 802 . 11g ) and bluetooth usb 2.0 and firewire 800 faster 167 mhz fsb with ddr ram support up to 2 gb of ddr ram ati mobility radeon 9600 graphics_card backlit_keyboard 3 speakerslast generations of powermac g4s lacked many bleeding_edge technologies ( e . g. , pci_express , serial_ata ) . and it being a generation or two before powerbook g5 arrives , lacks some cutting_edge technologies as well high resolution 15 . 4 " lcd , 7200 rpm hard_disk , pci_express card , faster fsb , digital audio i o , and higher_capacity battery with advanced power_saving technologies . until then , you should proudly carry 5th generation powerbook g4 , knowing it is among the most powerful and certainly most beautiful notebook on the market . pros feels very fast ( helped by 1 . 25 ghz g4_processor with large 512 kb l2_cache , ddr ram , and ati mobility radeon 9600 ) very well equipped no additional hardware purchase required ( although some will want more memory and or extra_battery ) simply beautiful ... the most beautiful powerbook yet fantastic connectivity options light and slim for a desktop_replacement notebookcons among the most expensive notebooks in its class while it feels fast , it is slower than many centrino notebooks 15 . 2 " lcd is limited to 1280 by 854 resolution , which is among the lowest in its price_range it is slightly_larger and heavier than previous titanium powerbooks shorter_battery_life than earlier powerbook and many centrino notebooks earlier builds are plagued with white spots on the lcd and lid not closing evenly ( both issues should be fixed by now ) no docking_station option
when you are buying a picasso , you ca n't expect to pay discount . the powerbook g4 is a premium computer , and you pay a premium_price . what you get puts competing pc based products to shame , except , alas , on price . the biggest advantage of the pbg4 besides , of course , the operating system is design efficiency and elegance . despite having a 15 . 2 inch_screen and a fast_processor ( one optimized for intensive video applications and presentations ) , the pbg4 weighs just 5.6 pounds and is stunningly slim at 1 inch thick . check your average ad for similarly_equipped laptops and they simply can not compare . take sony 's vaio grx for example . it boasts a " gigantic 16 . 1 inch_screen . " okay , great . i 'd love a 16 inch_screen too . but then , in the fine_print , is this laughable phrase " just 8.4 lbs . and 1 . 8 " thin . " let 's see , sounds like a great tradeoff , does n't it ? you get about 12 percent more screen_real_estate , 55 . 5 percent more weight and 80 percent more bulk ( and faster battery drain to boot ) . the sony is about 20 percent cheaper , mind you , but i already told you about that part , right ? let 's compare apples to apples , then , shall we ? a new vaio model with a 15 inch display and combo_drive sells for about a grand less than apple 's deluxe powerbook , and a few hundred below the bottom of the line . you would think with a smaller display , maybe they could take out some of that bulk ? naw . this one is " just 8.6 lbs . and 1 . 8 " thin . " i do n't know about you , but if the sonys bulk up any more , their owners will be able to throw out their old " body by jake " video tapes . now , there are a number of competitors using intel centrino chips now that are finally becoming competitive with the powerbooks you can now get wider , higher_resolution screens ( a great 15 . 4 inch_model on the compaq x1000 series ) that are less ugly and heavy than before . battery_life is comparable to the powerbooks , for once . you can now find dvd burners , though not slot_loading models . but the pc 'books all come down to being utilitarian , plastic hunks of hardware , mostly thrown together with only an eye on maximum features for minimum price . apple 's are the product of a harmonious mix of design and integration that lead to a pleasing whole . it 's the only company i know of that creates 5.6 pound pieces of aluminum art that will literally have you cracking a 1 , 000 watt smile when you open it up for the first time ... and is n't that worth a few hundred bucks ? a thousand ? how much did you pay for the painting above your sofa ? taking this computer with you also gets you noticed . jealousy abounds . you are instantly associated with the " cool " people . add an ipod and you would fit right in to any hip hangout and become a magnet for like minded folks who appreciate that there is more to life than just megahertz . folks who understand feng_shui and design and a better way of life will be attracted to you . trolls will be repelled . another bonus . by the way , you might also consider buying apple 's 3 year protection_plan . sure , it 's expensive , but if you bought that picasso , would you take it with you on an airplane ( not to mention through overzealous security guards ) without insurance ?
i love this laptop , i 'm writing the review on it , i had a tr1a and i swapped out for the tr2a , with the extended_battery the most i 've ever had out of it is 17 hours , 11 hours on normal use , i did n't really gain much swapping up but it was the same cost and i had a 0 restock with no questions asked . its very well designed , the right shift_key takes a little while to get used too . its quite light too , . i also got the privacy filter but i do n't recommend this as it adds stripey lines and turns down the contrast of the fantastic xbrite display . i ( 've been going in the the apple stores looking for a new ibook and they 've all got vaio envy . xp home is perfectly_fine for most users , i 'm a commercial games software developer and i use xp pro and home , and i 've had only the slight inconvience of sharing slightly harder . i have 4 laptops , hp ze5185 ibook and an alienware , i use the tr2a all the time , i 'd buy two if i could use them at the same time , its always with me . its a lot better built than previous vaios , as for heat i 've had no issues , it runs warm , but its meant too , and the system can take it , does n't get anywhere near as hot as a powerbook or my alienware . downsides are costs of sony items , extended_battery was 345 , the privacy filter , 80 , its a piece of plastic , the memory takes micro sodimms , which can run about 400 for one 512mb . it 'd be nice if they used a slot_loading_dvd cd r instead . plays a lot of different games , aoe no proble , quake , tribes_2 is perfectly playable etc . buy one , buy two , but do n't get the privacy filter . , do n't say i did n't warn you ) ( edit ) incidently i dropped my tr2a , it fell out of a shoulder_bag ( do n't buy 3rd_party laptop bags with zips on the side ) , and i sent it back to sony for repair , they have outstanding service and support people , arrived on friday , estimate etc was ready monday morning . ( second edit ) i finally found the perfect bag for it , sony have a little vaio bag with no handles so its ok for lite work , but theres a powerbook ibook bag called the booq it fits great i picked the larger_size since it game me some extra_space but the 12 powerbook fits very snugly .
i got the tr2a a while ago for school and i absolutely_love it . i got a gig_of_ram .. and i reccomend you do too but only if you want to play mohaa , bf1942 , etc . if you dont know what im talking about , get 512 . i got this computer for school and it has served it 's purpose and gone far , far beyond . it is so light i can carry it in my backpack and not notice any weight difference , yet powerfull and the screen is sooo awesome ! ! its the brightest screen i have ever seen .. and i have a bunch of screens . the keyboard is perfect , not too big or small . the mouse is suprisingly nice , i didnt expect it to be so easy to use . the only gripe i have about this product , is that ... uhh hmm i guess i dont have a gripe ! it 's too good to explain . go to a compusa and check it out , then get it off sonystyle . com or here , they are about the same price . the dvd drive is awesome , since with the wide_screen you can watch wide format dvd 's and it looks so so so so great , you have to see it to believe it . i thought i had died and went to ultraportable laptop heaven . i was going to get a z1 , but they were out so i got this one and i love it . get it ! !
pros the tr2a is a full featured system in an incredibly small and lightweight package . despite the small_size the screen is excellent and the keyboard usable . before the vaio i used to dread lugging my full sized laptop on trips . the vaio goes with me everywhere . battery_life is not 15 hours ( an absurd claim ) but is long enough for a_7 hour flight and then some . some nice touches such as a switch at the front to turn wireless lan off on . it is not a cad or graphics workstation , nor is it intended to be . great wow_factor . cons should have a dvd burner and not just cd burner . for sake of future compatibility , 802 . 11g wireless would be nice as well . sony should include the recovery_media instead of requiring you to order it or burn it to a dozen plus cd 's ( since there is no dvd burner ) . probably the best subnotebook available at the moment although it seems they cut a few corners in terms of the dvd and wireless . heck , at least provide a cheap vinyl zipper case and a printed copy of the manual . do consider the tr2ap3 . for not much more you get twice the memory , xp pro , and 802 . 11 b and g . tr2 is great , i only wish the ap3 configuration had been available when i bought mine .
okay , this is a niche product that fills its niche so magnificently that it deserves all 5 stars . it is solidly_built and yet so light it almost defies explanation . the processor is not only a very capable 1 gigahertz , but as a centrino tuned pentium , it throws off less heat and is much more miserly with its battery use . the optical_drive will play and record cds and will play dvds beautifully on an extra crisp 10 . 6 " screen ( and battery_life is longer than any dvd i can think of ) . the hard_drive is an adequate 40 gigs . the connections are fine , including two usb 2 . 0s , and the built in 802 . 11 wireless is foolproof . i find i have no problems with the ergonomics of the keyboard or touchpad , though i do keep a tiny usb optical_mouse in my case for hotel stays , etc . overall , this is the ideal 2nd computer , especially for a student or for a frequent_flyer . sony has been pretty good about backing their products in case you have a problem , though mine has not even hiccupped yet . the only extra expense i had was finding a small enough case to carry it in , and that was very much a pleasant purchase !
overall , this is a great laptop . i do recommend to buy one shipped with winxp pro ( see one of the reviews below ) . in this day and age it gets very important to have network capabilities managed on a_level better than that of stripped winxp home . also , check out newegg dot com ( sorry amazon ) , where you get a better price and the choice between tr2a , tr2ap1 ( the latter comes with winxp pro , otherwise it 's identical ) . the battery lifetime is good , in part due to power manager software , which turns down monitor brightness , regulates cpu fan , shuts off optical devices ( all options can be tuned as one so desires ) . the screen is crisp , however , i would not recommend working with it for many hours it 's still rather small , and strains one 's eyes a bit . wireless is very sensitive . it picks up signal beautifully . it is true that the laptop is running pretty_hot underneath when power_management is off , which seems to be the plague of many sony laptops . definitely recommend to people who need mobility and good performance in one package .
an oldie but goodie , now a recycle item , i have actually worn the letters off the keys and used it so much i have taken it to the computer shop to get old lost programs put on , they usually do it for free since these machines are obsolete now .
i bought this ibook to upgrade my son 's 1 yr old ibook g3 which i sold on ebay for a couple hundreds less . like another reviewer , i figured usb2 . 0 , a faster_cpu bus , a faster airport , plus a new applecare coverage justify the small cost difference . the great_price on amazon made my choice much easier . i used macs for 15 years and have both macs and pcs at home . i also develop pc software at work . so i already knew what a great os i was getting . however , i was worried that it may be underpowered for todays games . to my delight , i was very pleasantly_surprised . i just installed unreal_tournament 2004 ( which states a 933 mhz g4 g5 machine required on the box ) and the game flies ! my son ca n't be happier . i highly_recommend this machine . no pc notebook can match it in price performance !
these old macs are great . i 've had mine for 2 years and is still going strong . it maybe a little slow to respond , but i wanted something that would hold up to traveling on the bike and it has .
from 5 03 to 11 03 i owned a 14 . 1 " g3 ibook . that was a nice laptop but certainly had some annoying quirks and was really out of date ( described later ) . i also wanted to get a smaller laptop and also get panther . so " upgrading " or " downgrading " to this 12 " g4 ibook made a whole lot of sense for me . here is my review based on comparison to the old g3 ibook . performance from g3 900mhz to g4 800mhz is certainly an upgrade . as the g4 features a faster 133mhz bus ( formerly 100mhz bus ) and also supports ddr memory ( compared to the old pc100 ) . applications seem to fire up and run better and everything is just snappier . also if you have altivec enabled applications , g4 is certainly the way to go . technical improvements usb 1.1 usb 2 . 0 , airport 802 . 11b airport extreme 802 . 11g , updated graphics_card , tray loading combo_drive slot_loading combo_drive . other improvements panther is a more polished and refined os compared to jaguar . os x has finally matured . the keyboard on the g4 ibook has been improved ... buttons press smoother and keyboard has less flex ( not to mention the greyish tone makes it look better ) . also the lcd display seems a little bit more crisper . all in all i 'd highly_recommend this 12 " g4 ibook . for this price , it is a tremendous value . you cannot find a comparable 12 . 1 " laptop in the pc world ( w o spending nearly 2 grand , and most do n't come with an optical_drive built in ) . i do n't see much of a reason to go with 14 . 1 " as it has the same resolution as the 12 " ( unless that you have bad vision ) . if you want a laptop with a big display , go with the 15 . 2 " powerbook ( probably the best all around laptop in the world ) . if you want a small but still very fast laptop that you can carry everywhere , get this ibook ! it certainly has the looks and now is a speedster with g4 . ca n't go wrong . ( added 1 11 ) for the past 3 months i have yet to experience a crash or problem with this ibook . past generations of ibooks were prone to logic board failures , it seems like apple finally got it fixed . i can put this laptop asleep for a week and wake it up , and be ready for use within 10 seconds . this is a sweet laptop , and it 's coming from a lifelong windows user ( who still uses windows too ) .
the description of this laptop was not accurate . there were a couple of damaged areas , which definitely would have affected the use of the laptop . i am still waiting on a refund on this purchase .
it has been nearly five years since i bought my first mac , an imac dv , and for five years the lime green beast ran great without a hitch , but facing the start of my student teaching i felt i needed a portable . this machine has done wonders , the screen_size is hardly noticable since the resolution and sharpness are far better than any 14 inch_monitor dell makes . the responce is snappy and fluid , internet is great as well . this machine picks up wifi better than any laptop i have ever used . sure it 's not a lightning fast gaming_machine , but seriously , what laptop is ? if you want speed and nifty features get the 12inch powerbook , if you want a great_deal on a solid , first_rate machine get the new ibooks , just make sure to pack some extra_ram on for good measure .
i 've had a_12 " ibook g4 since 2005 and it 's still my favorite notebook for browsing the internet , writing letters , and even reading pdf 's . it 's very lightweight and i consider the screen the perfect_size . it 's held up very well . one of the keys has a hairline crack and one of the rubber feet on the bottom fell off but i clean it every month or so and it still looks almost new . my only criticism is that it gets a little warm so i keep it on top of a clipboard when holding it in my lap . no viruses , no crashes , no worries . when netbooks started becoming popular a couple of years_ago , i had to laugh because i already have a lightweight , handy netbook . in fact , i 'm using it right now to write this review . given a choice between a new asus or dell netbook or a used ibook g4 for the same price , i would take the g4 without thinking about it for a second .
was brought for some who says they are enjoying it tremendously . he ca n't be pulled away . only could have been a little cleaner
let us raise the glass long live the g3 processor , for it is dead . apple 's ibook was the last holdout to g4_processor . it is g3 no more . despite some rumors , ibook 's g4_processor is a true g4_processor with altivec fully on board . while it runs slower ( 800 mhz vs . 1 ghz ) and features smaller l2_cache ( 256 kb vs . 512 kb ) than 12 " powerbook , it comes remarkable close in most performance parameters . they share the same 133 mhz front_side_bus and pc2100 ( 266 mhz ) ddr_sdram . even their feature sets come remarkably close . both sport sharp 12 . 1 " 1024 by 768 lcd , 256 mb memory and 32 mb graphics_memory , firewire 400 and usb 2.0 ports , and 100 10 fast_ethernet . both lack the pc_card ( pcmcia ) slot but can accommodate airport extreme wireless network . other than faster g4_processor , just about the only reasons to consider 12 " powerbook are larger memory capacity on the powerbook ( 1 . 25 gb vs . 640 mb ) larger hard_disk ( 40 gb vs . 30 gb ) powerbook can drive an external_display ( dual display ) up to 2048 by 1536 via dvi port ibook can only mirror up to 1024 by 768 via vga port superdrive ( dvd burner ) is optional on powerbook it is not available on ibook bluetooth is standard on powerbook it is optional ( built to order ) on ibook marginally faster geforce fx 5200 graphics_card on powerbook ( vs . radeon 9200 on ibook ) powerbook is slightly lighter ( 4 . 6 lbs vs . 4.9 lbs ) and slightly_smaller ( 10 . 9 by 8 . 6 by 1 . 18 inches vs . 11 . 2 by 9 . 1 by 1 . 35 inches ) you like the powerbook 's anodized aluminum allow chassis betterthere are sufficient reasons to get the ibook instead costs almost 50 less it is not dramatically slower longer_battery_life ( up to 6 hours vs . 5 hours ) polycarbonate plastic chassis is more scratch proof and offer better wireless network ( airport extreme ) receptionhow is the ibook in itself ? for a little over a grand , you get a beautifully_designed notebook ( similar to ipod ) packed with features combo cd rw dvd_rom drive , optional 802 . 11g airport extreme wireless network , beautiful lcd , sensible keyboard layout , snappy_performance under included mac_os x panther 10 . 3 all in very portable form_factor . this little book represents a serious bang for the buck . pros very high bang for the buck good performance and high in features looks beautiful includes almost everything an average computer user needs very portable and durable fantastic wireless receptioncons cannot drive external_display higher than 1024 by 768 resolution to get built in bluetooth , you must order from apple ( built to order option ) unlike the airport extreme , you cannot add it later on standard 256 mb memory is based on two 128 mb ram modules . to add more memory later on , you will need to toss out one of the memory modules ( the other memory module is soldered onto the motherboard )
i am giving this 4 stars instead of 5 , because 800mhz is acceptable to most users , but 1ghz would have been nice . the 800mhz g4 is still much faster than last year 's 900mhz g3 model , and panther is slightly_faster . i have a 733mhz g4 tower , so this is a slight speed_increase for me . i am so glad i got the 12 " screen over the 14 " . everyone i asked recommended the 12 " over the 14 " . it 's easier to carry , lighter , easy to sit on your lap with , and you do n't feel the need to buy a huge case to carry it around in . both the 12 " and 14 " have 1024x768 displays , the 12 " is just denser , about 96 dpi , about the same resolution as my 23 " apple lcd . text is sharp and clear and very readable . both models have the same sized keyboards . no burned out pixels on either lcd ! wireless networking to my g4 tower was easy to setup , and very fast . the built in dvd player is also fun , although headphones or external_speakers make the experience much more enjoyable most laptops suffer from small_speakers . recommended options get the 512m ram upgrade card ( about 125 ) which maxes the ibook out at 640megs , and the airport extreme card ( 99 ) . wireless_internet is happening all over , in many hotels and restaurants . if you travel , consider adding some good ear_buds if you use it to watch movies on or listen_to_music . this is my 5th apple laptop , dating back to 1992 , and by far the best one to date .
it 's ancient , and does n't stream youtube very well , but i still use it for home finances , kids games , web_surfing , video_editing , mp3 editing and web_page design . this is the most reliable computer i have owned ... except the cd_dvd drive pooped out a year or so ago and now i have to use an external_drive for that . i also dj small gigs here and there and use it for mixing tracks .
i thought so much of this computer after buying it in may 2004 that i recommended that my college student daughter get one in september and bought my wife a 3250 earlier this year . some complain about the keyboard 's small keys and slightly different layout the latter annoyed me occasionally , but it 's not a big_deal . everyone complains about the poor_battery_life . it 's true . this was n't a big_deal for me either , but if you travel a lot and expect to work on battery power a lot , beware of buying this model unless you get an extra_battery to lug along . the one time i tried to use the cd burner , i could n't get the included_software to work . my daughter has had problems reading some cds and she ca n't get the dvd player to work . averatec was willing to fix the problem , but their tech_support is reputed to routinely wipe hard_drives on machines returned for repair , and my daughter did n't want to risk that . i 've advised her to get an external harddrive and do a full system backup , then return her 3225 to averatec . it 's a hassle any way you cut it averatec repairs are also reputed to take a long time , with no effort to explain delays on simple repairs ( like replacing a cd_dvd unit ) . anyone thinking of buying averatec should first visit the unofficial support forums ... someone there recently posted a complicated fix for several problems it involves downloading and installing three programs to take over power_management of the computer . i have noticed that the power_management software on my 3225 does n't work well in the default_setting , the fan comes on more than necessary , slowing down the computer . to fix that i set the pm to minimal , which helped i also bought a targus chiller pad to keep the computer cooler it overheats , and its bottom vent fan is n't adequate with the chiller pad , it works much better . the biggest_problem i 've_encountered with the 3225 happened over the past_week . the power_connector would not make a solid connection , meaning the battery would not charge consistently and would sometimes overheat . it turns out that this is a defect in the ac_dc power_connector circuit_board inside the computer . i learned about the problem on the unofficial forums . a good pc technician can fix the problem in an hour with a screwdriver and a soldering_iron , but you do n't dare go that route if you have the warranty from averatec in effect , or an extended_warranty . in that case , you have to resign yourself to returning the computer for repair and being without it for 2 to 3 weeks . all in all , then , after a year of owning the 3225 , i feel as though i would probably have been better off paying the extra_money for a sony vaio thin and light or maybe one of the sub 5 pound dell laptops . however , i 'll keep my eye on the averatec unofficial forums to see how the newer thin and light models do . maybe averatec is learning from its design mistakes with the 3200 series .
i do n't know if it 's just me , but every time i pack my notebook and take it out again , i have a half imprint of the touch_pad square on my screen . it wipes away , but i 'm concerned it might eventually cause permanent damage , and it 's really annoying to open to a nasty marking in the middle of the screen . all in all , it 's a great buy though . my first notebook ... every other pro con has been stated in other reviews . update_update_update_update update_update_update_update updateafter a few months of packing my computer in and out of a rather expensive and well cushioned laptop backpack , that pressure from the touchpad on the lcd finally caused damage . my lcd broke , with the crack starting exactly where it made contact with the touchpad . this was all due to a complete lack of effective cushion padding on the lcd ( those little bumpers at the bottom of the lcd ) . i called averatec , and they said i could send it in , it would be covered by warrenty , and i 'd have it back in a few weeks . soon after , i got a call from fremontek ( handles averatec warrenty and repairs ) telling me that it 's not covered , and i 'd have to pay 355 to get it back repaired , or about 60 just to get it back the way it was ! i had already paid for shipping , so wtf ! i had them send it back to the tech three times , each time explaining that the damage was due to a factory defect ( no cushion pads , touchpad contact with lcd , etc ... ) , but the warrenty clearly states that " physical damage to the lcd " is not covered , even though any damage due to a manufacturer 's defect is ... i was pissed . i ended up paying for repairs , but my billing authorization statement declares that the damage was due to no cushion padding , a manufacturer 's defect , and that the new lcd must have significant cushion padding . since they took the money , they must have agreed to the statement . if i get another lcd that presses against the touchpad , i will be royally pissed off . it should get here tomorrow ... this whole experience has taught me never buy from averatec , and may even have converted me to apple . update_update_update_update update_update_update_update updatelol apple .. ? what was i thinking ? pthe new screen was the glossy kind , and much better than the old . the notebook served several more years of use after being repaired , and has been passed on to a friend now . i suppose i got my money 's worth out of it in the end , but still would n't recommend averatec , especially with the range of competitive options these days ( 3 2 2009 ) .
i do n't get it . averatec makes a great laptop but you never see them reviewed in publications such as pc world , pc_magazine , or consumer reports . i really wanted a smallish laptop that was easy to travel with , easy to move around the house , and easy on the wallet . after looking at everything available on the market , i had to chose between the 900 averatec and a 1500 fujitsu . both were similarly equiped , but the fujitsu had a nicer , slightly_larger_screen . but when it came down to it , i was able to buy the averatec and a new cheap desktop computer for the price of the fujitsu . so i bought the averatec and have been very happy ever since . the screen is fine , the keyboard is good , and it is built very well . it is much easier to tote around than my old 8 pound ibm thinkpad . i do have two complaints , however . first of all , the battery does n't last very long . i ca n't even get through a dvd movie when unplugged . perhaps i got a bad battery , but i think its probably just a weak design . the second problem is that the audio is too quiet , whether i use the built in speakers or headphones . this makes it a bit hard to use for movie watching in a noisy place ( such as an airplane or laundrymat ) . those problems are minor , though , and i really bought it for use as a computer and not as a dvd player . when i want to buy another laptop , i would seriously consider buying another averatec ... i just hope they are still in business !
i 've used this machine to surf the web , store and analyze my data ( no heavy programs ) . my only criteria , then , was to get the lightest laptop and at the price it seemed like a good deal . but overtime i found many problems associated with it 1 . it heated up quite fast . i downloaded a couple of softwares to keep the processor cool , although it 's still hot . you ca n't keep it on your lap while working for even 1 hour . 2 . i did n't like the keyboard in the beginning but overtime it came into my habit . dell laptops have better keyboards . 3 . battery_life sucked from the beginning , it started out 2hours , nowadays it 's 1 hr . but for me it 's not a problem because connecting through power_cord all the time is not a big_deal for me . 4 . speakers should not be at the front , where you rest you hands while working . 5 . although not a big_deal but i 'd have rather liked the power connection at the back and not on the side . since i use usb ports quite often , i 'd have liked the 3 usb ports distributed on both sides of the machine , atleast not on the same side as the power_cord . what else , interenet connection both ethernet and wireless work great ! touchpad is also good .
i was tired of lugging heavy laptops around to work , on trips . i did n't wnat to pay 2000 for a 512 mb laptop . the ibm is light but expensive and you do n't even get an optical_drive . this laptop has a dvd cd burner built in . this averatec has been a value purchase . i took it with me to macedonia on a northwest medical team mission and was able to download digital pictures and recordings then select and burn mini cds to give to our hosts . the battery does not last 3 1 2 hours more like a little over 2 . it 's a small negative when you literally save 1000 .
let me first qualify this review by saying that 1 ) i am was a lifetime pc user with no prior mac experience . 2 ) before buying this notebook i comparison shopped for 3 months3 ) my computer knowledge is far below that of tech professionals and hard_core pc hobbyists , but i am however very computer literate . in short i 'm an everyday computer user consumer . secondly before contemplating a powerbook any further , if you are an avid gamer or buy 3 or more video_games a year and you want to use this notebook as a gaming_laptop ... i 'd suggest you you buy a pc notebook for that purpose . powerbooks are powerful enough to play games , but the mac selection of games is sparse . and now finally to the review ... specs as with any notebook i suggest you have at least 512 mb of ram . this was the only upgrade i added to my powerbook . the powerbook comes standard with a very generous 60gig hard_drive , usb , firewire 400 , ethernet , wifi ( b g ) and bluetooth . the only thing missing is the firewire 800 , but that is not essential for most users including me . the powerbook also comes with a very speedy 1 . 33 ghz g4 . how does this stack up to the new centrino 's ( pentium m ) ? compared to my brother 's ibm thinkpad with a pentium m 1.3 w 512 ram , it runs equivalent or faster to the naked_eye , unfortunately benchmarks are not readily available to compare mac and pc . but needless to say , whatever i can do on the ibm , whether its powerpoint presentations , photoshop , flash , video or photo_editing , i can do it on the powerbook just as fast or faster . also something that is very unique to this ultraportable is the 64 mb nvidia graphics_card . although there are better graphics_cards out there on midsized laptops , ultraportable laptops rarely have a graphics_card as nice as this one . combodrive slot_loading . this is amazing . no cd tray to deal with popping in and out . just insert the cd or dvd into the slot and it is ready to go . this is not only a spacesaver since there is no tray , but it also is less prone to break since there is no tray to snag and break off . why did i not pick the superdrive that is also offered with this computer ? in a few months they are releasing dual_layer_dvd writers that hold twice as much data as writeable dvd 's currently do , so i 'm waiting to get an external_dvd_writer . also its good to notice that many computers in order to stay small do not even include an optical_drive like the powerbook does . price sony , ibm , dell , gateway . these companies all offer 12 " notebooks , but customize them to equivalent specs as the powerbook and they all come out approximately equivalent or much more expensive than the powerbook . apple is known for higher prices of their computers , but the powerbook ( specifically the 12 " model ) is a great_deal price_wise . battery_life this is very important if you want to tote your laptop around ( and if you do n't want to tote a laptop around , then why get a laptop at all ? ) . battery_life is 5 hours in my experience when just surfing the net and downloading files . again how does this compare with other pc models ? i think if you research you will find that most ultraportable centrino 's without an optional larger battery average around 4 hours . the ibm mention earlier lasts us about 4 and a half hours of use . operating system i think a description of this is beyond the scope of the review , but in short mac_os x ( panther ) is an absolute delight . i personally had very few problems with windows_xp , but it is n't just about the stability of mac_os x its about the ease of use , integration and beauty of the system . its something you just have to use first hand to fully realize it . combine this with the excellent ilife programs that allow you to make movies , listen_to_music , video conference with relatives , and organize your photos and its very easy to forget about windows . design i recommend you go to a local electronic store and hold the pc laptops in your hand and type on them and just look at them all over inlcuding the bottom . then take a look at an apple powerbook . again its something that is more adequately experienced than described . from the glowing apple symbol on the cover to the almost seamless bottom , it is an amazing feeling , solid , and beautiful notebook . everything else just feels_cheap in your hands . also the screen is crisp and clear and the keyboard is a full sized keyboard , not a miniature one , that is perfect for typing . laptop heat and sound use of the powerbook for about 4 hours , i noticed it got only mildly warm and much less so than the ibm . however after about 4 hours the powerbook got about as hot as the ibm , which still is not hot at all . i would say you could comfortably put the laptop in you lap very easily for the first 4 hours . after that , unless you have thick pants or like the extra warmth , i 'd suggest putting it on a table . the powerbook is very , very quiet , especially when cool . when it heats up after prolonged use the fan will kick in more often and make it a little louder . but still it is much more quiet than the ibm . overall i 'd highly_recommend this to anyone except gamers . i 'm highly satisfied with this purchase and i hope you will be to if you decide to buy it . edit 10 5 06i guess this edit is just for people wanting to buy this computer used . let me first start off by saying i still give this product 5 stars . it is a beautiful machine and very capable . since this review i 've upgraded the ram to the documented max , which is 1 . 25 gigs . my system runs smooth as ever . also my hard_drive failed at about 2 years , fortunately i was able to back up my files due to being warned in advance by os x . i do not contribute this to apple though since i have treated my laptop roughly , bringing it everywhere with me ( it is such a small machine after all ! ) and being less than careful . also the batteries of many of these powerbooks have been recalled ( dell and many other companies have had to deal with similar recalls ) . leopard is going to be released soon and due to the robust videocard ( at the time at least for such a small computer such as this ) i will be able to view the newest_version of os x with all of the core_image eye_candy intact . 2 and a half years no virus infections , no spyware , no adware . no blue_screen_of_death .
i 've been a windows unix user all my life . this is my first mac and i love it . pros mac_os x is way more stable than any microsoft_windows available did you know that mac_os x is unix based ? i love real unix shell . light small slot_loading optical_drive is better than the regular one , imo wi_fi 802 . 11b g bluetooth now included ber long_battery_life . my 5 month old battery lasts about 3 hours when i 'm just browsing the web ( wifi on , bluetooth on ) not likely to get infected by virus malware spyware . ilife suite included supports dual display i use this pb as a desktop_replacement high quality soundcard i 've seen some pc laptop that has crappy soundcard . it 's bad to the point that your mp3 sound really badcons admit it , there are less software for mac_os x . make sure that you know everything you need has mac version available . do n't depend on virtual_pc . it 's tad slow on this 1 . 33ghz cpu . software running on mac is not as optimized as it should . this is the cheapest powerbook available . it 's lcd screen is n't as good as 15 " 17 " ones . it 's acceptable , reliable but you cannot expect something as good as 256 meg of ram is not enough for you to run regular software smoothly . consider adding at least another 256 . internal fan is sometime annoying when you do heavy graphics calculation . you cannot watch dvd fullscreen without headphone . it 's that noisy .
well , first i 'd like to say that i feel honored to be the first one writing a review of this wonderful laptop . i purchased this powerbook g4 on tuesday just one day after apple announced the new powerbook lineup . i had been considering going back to apple for a new laptop for quite some time , but seeing new faster specs for the same price as the last revision was what did it for me ! i custom ordered mine from the apple store on tuesday and it shipped out late thursday night friday morning . i had it by monday morning but what a trip it had ! normal specs for this laptop are 1 . 33ghz g4_processor , 256 mb ram ( built in upgradable via ram slot to 1 . 25ghz ) , 60 gb 4200 rpm hd ( as almost all laptops have ) , 64 mb of vram on an nvidia_geforce fx go5200 card on 4x agp bus , 12 " gorgeous display , upgraded 167 mhz system bus speed , including updated software panther 10 . 3 . 3 , ilife '04 , etc etc . i custom ordered mine from their store with 512 mb ram and upgraded 5400 rpm 80 gb_hard_drive ( because i wanted to get it nice and quick ) , a nice brenthaven pro file 12 " laptop bag and a . mac membership . it shipped out from taiwan , headed over to alaska , then through a few other states and finally to me in nj .... this powerbook is a work of art even the packaging . it has gorgeous features , fluid graphic motion , very speedy processor , great battery_life i get about 4.5 hrs . their estimated 5 hrs is very likely if you do n't upgrade to a faster hard_drive ( eats more power ) .... the os is amazing , i was up and running within 10 minutes or so the battery came with a full charge from the factory so i could use the laptop immediately . i only have one minor_complaint ive had this for a week or so now , and my spacebar has begun to squeak when i press it . every other laptop i 've ever had developed this squeaky spacebar so i do n't blame apple its probably just the result of how i type . i highly_recommend this laptop for its size and portability . it 's durable finish , great cooling yes its warm to the touch , but by no means will you burn yourself as others have suggested in past reviews of their previous version of this powerbook . cd_rom drive is zippy , magnetic lid clasp mechanism is a marvel , breathing ( dimming and getting brighter ) led light on the lid open button when the computer is in sleep mode is great .... everything is great . this laptop opens corel painter 8 within 3 seconds which i consider amazing considering my 1 . 3ghz p4 desktop_pc can only open it in about 10 15 seconds ! this computer flies through everything it does and it certainly could be a desktop_replacement . the casing is sturdy and shines like a new penny ! the apple illuminates on the back side of the display showing everyone in a subdued manner that you chose the best . even their power_supply cable design is astounding having the option to extend it if you need more cable length is great . there is a charging status ring where the cable plugs into the side of the laptop which is orange when charging and green when fully_charged . to check the battery status , you can push a small button on the battery which will light up a series of led lights on the battery to indicate how full a charge it holds . amazing ! i 'm glad to be back in the apple world and look forward to getting a g5 tower to replace my aging pc in the coming year or so . wow i love this powerbook !
this computer rocks , it is really fast . and so easy to use and customize . it 's over priced . it should cost around a thousand . ( made in china but designed in california ) . first of all this is a great_product , i bought that as a gift for a friend . i 'm a p.c . guy , i 'm definitively buying one for myself but at a local_apple_store see below why after switching it on i discovered that there was a dead_pixel a bright green dot on the screenvery annoying your eyes always look at that spot . after visiting my local_apple_store ( waoooo ! ! ! the most friendly and knowledgeable staff i ever deal with the los_angeles grove store ) these guys are great so after visiting the store to exchange the powerbook they told me that since i had only one deadpixel , it 's not considered defective , that i should return it to amazon , but if i had bought at an apple store , i could speak with the manager and have it exchanged special that it was only 2 days old . after contacting amazon for a return here 's an extract from amazon answer " as an industry standard , manufacturers consider more than threeconsecutive dead_pixels on a lcd display to constitute a defectiveproduct . as you have only one , we are unable to send a replacementfor the apple powerbook notebook 12 " m9183ll a . " do n't get me wrong amazon has a great customer_service , but in this case they should listed in the product_description . that this product may come with deadpixels and if you have less than 3 deadpixels consecutive you are screwed . ( what is the definition of consecutive ? ) if they had put that warning , i 'm wondering how many customer will still buy any electronic equipment with lcd display on amazonso my advise is buy locally at your apple store . test it right away , or even if you notice any deadpixel , you can always return it to your local_store
i 've always used windows x86 computers , but recently i decided to make the switch to apple and os x . i thoroughly researched the powerbook g4 and found that no pc laptop manufacturer could match the powerbook 's feature_set and low_weight for the same price . so i determined that powerbooks are not overpriced , as is sometimes claimed . the only place where the powerbook seemed to lag behind was in the processor_speed . i was concerned that the pb ( 1 . 33ghz ) would n't be as fast as a windows notebook ( some of which run at 3ghz or more . ) the only way to find out was to go to the apple store in my hometown and play with a powerbook in person . after about 20 minutes of opening lots of programs concurrently , watching_videos and listening_to_music , etc , i knew my concerns about the computer 's speed were unfounded . i was sold . ( ... ) so now i have my 12 " powerbook and i am very happy with my purchase . some have called it a functional work of art , and i feel i can agree with that assessment it 's a beautiful computer . i searched the internet and found mac_os x applications to replace the ones i used under windows , and they are as good or better . many os x applications are open_source and free to use . the operating system is beautiful and runs smoothly even when multitasking . when i 'm at home , i connect the pb to a dell 21 " lcd monitor running at 1600x1200 resolution , and a wireless keyboard and mouse . the pb 's graphics_processor has no trouble driving my monitor at that resolution . i also use a firewire external hard_disk . everything is such a breeze to set up . for the most part , you just plug your hardware in , and it works without installing drivers . on the road , i do n't suffer from the 12 " display . it 's bright and clear , no dead_pixels on my unit . it 's a bit hard to have more than one window open at a time on such a small screen , so prepare to do a lot of switching ( which can be accomplished by pressing f9 and clicking your desired window so easy ! ) sure , i 'd like a bigger screen , but the portability outweighs that for me . i 'm sure the 15 " pb is equally good if you weigh the relative importances differently . i still have a lot to learn about my new powerbook , but i already feel_comfortable using it . it 's only been a few days , but i 'm 'used to' os x and its applications . in conclusion , i 'm absolutely satisfied with my purchase . if you 're considering a powerbook , go to an apple store nearby and try one out . but come back to amazon . com when it 's time to buy .
i 've been using desktop_pc 's for many years , with occassional exposure to macs throughout college . i work as a software_engineer developing java applications on a unix platform . several of my coworkers develop exclusively on their 17 inch powerbooks and have been raving about the user_centered_design . they eventually got through to me and i purchased the 12 inch_powerbook model . to begin with , it 's extremely solid and compact . the aluminum case seems resilient to scratches and can probably take a bit of abuse ( i 've only had mine for a week , i 'll give it time ) . the display is clear and crisp , a pleasure to look at . i use a 19 inch_lcd for my desktop , and switching to my 12 inch_powerbook display causes me no grief . i purchased my model from a local_retailer and added 512mb of ram , which i strongly_recommend since 256mb is ridiculously low for modern os' and applications . the system is very responsive and handles the load i put on it ( web_browser , itunes , etc . ) well . macos is a pleasure to work with . the size of the notebook is great . i can tote it around the house ( airport extreme gets incredible reception ) without feeling like i 'm lugging a_10 pound dumbbell the powerbook weighs under 5 pounds . and with energy savings enabled i get over 4 hours battery usage . update after 6 monthsi 'm still loving my powerbook , but have developed one issue that 's become a big concern . the display hinges are over tightened and may be suceptible to mechanical failure . i 've ordered a " glide kit " from radtech to condition to the hinges to prevent breakage . it 's something you may want to consider doing , too , should you purchase this outstanding machine .
this is my first apple computer and i am asking myself why did i waited so long . i am a part time wedding photographer and avid computer hobbyist . after much research , i decided to buy my first apple computer , a_12 " powerbook . first of all the powerbook is a piece of art . it is solid , elegant and very well designed . it is small and light . the keyboard feels good , the screen is bright and clear . te battery_life is among the best , i get about 4 hours with the airport extreme enabled . the powerbook came with a great suite of software . if you decide to buy a powerbook , make sure you buy additonal ram for it . 256 mb is not enough , get a least a 512 .
i really like this machine , the small format is great for carrying it everywhere , it is reasonably light and battery_life is excellent . however , os x is still rather slow sometimes , compared to windows you often feel like trying to run in molasses ... 30 gigs are really not that much nowadays , if you have any media files , you will fill the hd in no time . the built in modem is miserable . i get 26 28 kbps connections where the old windows_pc using the same exact phone line gets around 40 regularly . this machine does not come with a wireless card , but i installed the airport extreme , and got another severe dissapointment . the range is simply ridiculous . you only get 4 bars if you are like 20 inches away from the base_station ( not feet , inches ) ... try to wander further than 20 feet in clear sight , no walls or other obstacles , and you will get 1 bar , and no connectivity whatsoever . so you might as well just cave in , whip out your trusty ethernet cable , and curse the 70 you blew on apple 's " extreme " ripoff .
after my computer crashed , for about the third time , i resolved never to purchase another pc or microsoft product . for years i put up with substandard programs from that company , all the while thinking that i had little choice in the matter . sure there was apple , but are n't they the betamax ( i 've really aged myself with that reference ... ) of the computer world ? it wasn''t until i used a friends power book that i realized how wrong i had been . over the course of several months i had many conversations with diehards , and recent converts alike , who all echoed the same message mac 's do n't crash . it seemed too good to be true , but then again , microsoft seems too bad to be true , and yet ... so , through my school i found an awesome deal on an ibook g4 ( which i am using to write this review ) . i upgraded the ram , the hd , and installed the airport extreme card , the applecare warranty extension , all for less than 1200 ! ! ! ofcourse , this was through my university , so non students may not be able to find such a good deal . however , the internet is full of great deals . at any rate , i love my ibook g4 . it 's light and sturdy , it looks great , and the battery_lasts_forever ( i get 4 hours of use even with the performance set at high ) . my previous_laptop was a sony vaio that gave me three years of outstanding performance , but like an old dog with a busted hip , it was time to retire the old girl . i expect to get great use out of my ibook , and with the applecare_protection_plan , despite some other reviews , i will . so , if you too are completely fed up with the microsoft juggernaught monopoly , it 's probably time for a regime_change ... step up to a mac , and you will wonder why you did n't make the switch sooner .
ibook is the consumer notebook computer , which apple offers . i actually custom configured mine at apple . com , so mine varies slightly from the specs of the standard_model listed here . it is the same g4_processor , but i have a 60 gb_hard_drive , airport extreme card , bluetooth module , and i upgraded the ibook to 768 mb of memory . this ibook is a great way to step into the world of mac . however , even a veteran mac_user will find an ibook a great machine . do not allow the 1 . 07 ghz chip to scare you . this is a capable_machine . furthermore , you can view all your favorite dvds and burn_cds . the size of the ibook is one of the fantastic features . this notebook is small and light . i use my ibook all over the house with the airport extreme card i added . i might sit at the dining_room table , on the couch , on the living_room floor , in the office , or in my bedroom . i do recommend you add some memory to the ibook , which can add yourself . the owners manual provides some instructions . i would recommend adding a 512 mb stick , which will bring you up to 768 mb , but even adding a 256 mb stick , would be good . the ibook obviously runs mac 's os x panther ( operating system ) . os x is fantastic , with a lot of great features such as expose , icalendar , sherlock , etc . however , the ibook includes other apple software titles too . ilife '04 is included , which has itunes , iphoto , imovie , and idvd . imovie and idvd are the easiest consumer applications for making movies and burning dvds . they are fantastic . everyone loves itunes , and iphoto is hands down the best way to organize your photos . what is so great about this ? you 're ibook is ready for all of this out of the box ! finally , appleworks is included with the ibook . appleworks is a somewhat out of date program , but it can still get your word_processing , spreadsheet , and other tasks performed . however , if you want a top quality office_suite , i would recommend you purchase microsoft office 2004 for mac . back to the hardware , the video out on the ibook is the only thing somewhat less than satisfactory in my opinion . it has a mini dvi output , and it includes an adapter , so you can connect an external_display for mirroring via vga connector . however , the notebook 's lcd must remain on the same time , cutting your video memory in half . it is n't a huge problem for me , but the ibook does not have the extended desktop feature , when using an external_monitor , that the powerbook enjoys . overall , the ibook 1 . 07 ghz g4 system is an amazingly portable notebook computer with acceptable performance . the included apple software will keep you occupied , organized , and entertained .
ever since my company finally sprang for a new ibook about five months_ago , i 've been happy as a clam . this 12 " model hums , with delightful ergonomics and apple 's fabulous ilife os x software suite . this thing is so light at 4.9 pounds that i 've essentially stopped using my 7.5 pound , 14 " toshiba clunker , even though the toshiba is supposedly faster and with a bigger screen . the screen on the ibook is plenty_big for 95 of tasks from reading web_pages to writing_reports on the go . it 's also exceptionally bright and sharp . os x 's rendezvous technology , which quickly and easily and automatically connects to networks , printers and wifi ( with the airport card ) is a dream . i particularly love safari , apple 's user_friendly web_browser that does n't get gunked up with endless popup ads , viruses and other junk . it 's so much snappier and less buggy than the toshiba that sometimes i have to pinch myself . the battery lasts 4 hours more than double my toshiba . and it looks 10 times cooler , to boot . it 's the ultimate coffee shop accessory ( especially one with free wifi ) . and it is especially convenient for me as a reporter on the go . having 2.6 fewer pounds to lug around every day is great , and it actually feels better on my lap . ( i 'm currently typing this while lying in bed using my wireless network , which the ibook sensed and connected to automatically ) . how cool is that ? you can find laptops for less , certainly . i bought my toshiba at a day after thanksgiving deal at bestbuy a couple years back for five hundred smackers . but you wo n't find one that is this light , with this great battery_life and this ease of use anywhere else . and when you are basically talking about an extension of your brain , eleven hundred smackers is pretty_darn cheap . enjoy !
not only are apple_computers very easy to use and proven not to brake as much , but they look great any where . they are very powerfull and light laptops , and if you are wondering , the ibook g4 is ten timmes better than the ibook before the g4 . when i purchased my labtop , i upgraded the ram on it to 512mb because at the momment all you need is 256mb of ram , but thinking ahead , you will need 512mb . 30gb is definatly enough memory unless you are going to do a ton of imovies . i suggest that you buy it over the phone from apple though because they will give you deals for a lower cost .
i bought a powerbook 12 " 867mhz about nine months_ago , had a brief fling with a dell that my work issued me , and went back to the mac . then , in a fit of insanity , i clicked " buy " and now i am a very happy owner of the 17 " 1 . 5ghz . positives the screen is just massive , and you do n't need to be a graphic artist or movie producer to use it it works_great for excel , side by side document_editing , or just keeping ichat and sticky notes in view while surfing the web it 's pretty_fast i 'm finally happy with the performance of virtual_pc 6.0 running_windows 2000 and outlook xp as a matter of fact i 've duplicated my windows work laptop in vpc and no longer have to carry two machines around movies are incredible on the big_screen , and the speakers have great stereo separation ( to the point that sometimes working late at night , i think i hear someone in the room , and it turns out to be part of the song ) it 's quite thin , even compared to the 12 " , which is good on my wrists when typingnegatives trying to get around the massive screen with the touchpad is a chore get an external_mouse asap sitting in bed working on e mail can be a bit difficult , because if you end up slanting the powerbook upwards , the cover wants to close even though this is one of the smallest 17 " laptops out there , you just ca n't get away from the fact that it 's a big monster of a machine when you spread out on a desk , airplane tray_table , or other area
after reading the in depth review at ... ( ... ) i went out and purchased the laptop from the apple store with 1gb ddr ram and 5400rpm_hard_drive . everything about this system is stunning the screen , keyboard , design , and power . i use to own a toshiba 15 . 4 " and this thing is lighter than the toshiba . i 'm a new user of os x and i absolutely_love it . it 's probably easier than windows . i recommend_buying this thing if you want a large_screen notebook that is actually portable , unlike most desktop replacements from pc makers . amazon offers it with free shipping and no tax in most states . buy it now
this is my first mac . i 've had it for six months . prior to this , i had been a pc user all my life . i bought the apple based on the strength of reviews from legions of friends in the design field who were early mac converts and my desire just to try something different . i use it primarily for editing photos and video . i do like this machine alot it 's beautiful and it 's a genuinely solid_performer . but the price performance ratio despite ramping up to 1.5 mb of ram from the paltry 512mb standard just is n't there . no way around it . photo_editing bench tests for this machine versus similarly_priced pc products prove its limitations . it 's a fairly slow machine for the price . as for the operating system , the mac package is interesting ( even fun at times ) but remarkably less advanced and intuitive than i expected and has been touted . believe me , the " switch " is not as easy as apple would have you believe . and surprisingly there 's absolutely no support for those who take the leap . you need to decide if it 's worth relearning everything you know about personal_computing . personally , i have n't found the payoff outweighs than the hassle . yet . i look back on what i could have got for the same money from hp or another pc maker , and i now feel a little stung and underwhelmed by this machine . again , it 's nice . but it 's something of a sheep in wolf 's clothing . think different ? absolutely ! but also think twice . and think hard .
hello everyone . i 've_owned my 17 " 1.5 pb for about three months now . i use it both on the road , and as my main desktop computer . it is by far the most capable and useful computer i have ever owned . i have used both macs and pcs everyday for the past 2 years ( i am a creative director , and use both machines depending upon the nature of the work ) . i am not mac centric pcs have many nice features , are generally faster than macs , and the software is now pretty much up to parity . with that being said , i still prefer the mac_os to windows . everything works extremely well , the user_experience is far more polished and user centric , and it never crashes . never . my last laptop was a g3 and it was a stinker . i convinced myself that laptops were inherently less stable than their full sized cousins . nope . not true . this machine is solid as they come . speaking of solid the keyboard is easily the best i have ever used on a laptop . the action is tight and crisp , and the placement is comfortable . and , the fiber_optic backlighting ( when ambient lighting is down ) has been a pleasure . no going back . i can sit_in bed with the lights off and play poker , surf the web , or write with no problems . the ports ( of which there are many ) are well placed , and seated extremely well ( my old g3 shed ports like a molting emu ) . since i come and go a lot , and do n't have a docking_station , the port integrity is really important . so far , happy happy . the display is sharp and bright , with a good viewing_angle . its 17 " , and runs at a max_resolution of 1400x900 . i am a graphic designer , and have been working on 300dpi images in photoshop , and while i would be happier with a bigger screen , this 17 " is more than adequate . at home i hook my pb up to a dell 17 " flat_panel , and the graphics_card ( which i raised to 128 megs of video ) has no problem running both the native display and the dell . tons of working room , and great refresh . battery_life is ok . the big_screen is a power hog . but , the batteries recharge very quickly . and the little ac adaptor is a gorgeous design , with a very very long cord . you might think about getting an extra one for home and one for the travel bag . the superdrive is fast and responsive . i do n't know how apple fit it in there , but its there , and i use it regularly , either burning archival cds , dvds , and getting music to the ipod . i am trying to think of negatives . the 17 " pb is a bit heavier , but then again , it 's a bit bigger than any 15 " . so , weight to me is not a detriment . what 's a couple of pounds anyway ? the size is bigger , but hey , i wanted a 17 " screen , so i am not really expecting to sit_in coach class and be able to open a mile high cinema experience . its a 17 " screen . so , no gripes there . i 'll just have to start working on getting into first class . ) all in all , a great computer . the fact that you can carry it around , only triples its usefulness . combine it with a wireless network , and whoa , you can a killer portable entertainment center email , web_surfing , movie watching , music listening , anywhere you want . this pb has surprised me again and again with its usefulness and versatility . completely , utterly five stars worth of laptop .
i 've had this machine as my primary computer , traveling to six of the seven continents with it ( have n't taken it to africa ) , and generally putting a lot of use and miles on it . i 've replaced the battery after it did n't take as much of a charge , and a couple of years_ago installed a larger_hard_drive . sure , i 'd definitely buy a new intel based 17 " but i have n't really felt the need yet . i 've usually traveled with the laptop in a brenthaven backpack designed for the 17 " computer . the screen_real_estate is always a wonderful thing , though i admit that if i 'm in the back of the plane , then i generally read rather than take up all available room in opening this beast up .
i am a corporate designer . i had my choice of getting a g5 desktop or the 17 " powerbook . i struggled with the decision , primarily because i wanted those dual processors so badly . i went for the powerbook because of the portability ... and come on , it 's gorgeous . i am absolutely thrilled i chose this laptop . it 's fast , rarely crashes ( i think i restart maybe once a week ) and is more than i expected or hoped for . i also maxed out the ram at 2 gigs , which has helped tremendously . i added a bluetooth keyboard and mouse ( apple ) and use my existing 20 " flatscreen , with the laptop 's screen acting as a palette monitor while i am in the office . i also added an icurve stand ( 40 griffin ) which keeps my powerbook cool and brings it to eye level which has offered less neck strain . my one gripe is that 80 gigs simply is not enough . i was spoiled with a 120 gig hd in my old g4 tower plus an extra 80 gig internal drive . with creative_suite being such a huge scratch disk hog , i am constantly having to archive files to get them off my hard_disk to make more space . if you are like me and have a large mp3 collection , you know how important a large hd is . hopefully , apple will add a larger capacity hd option to it 's next offering .
i purchased a powerbook 15 " 1 . 5ghz 128vram computer around christmas . i 've built several ibm_pc based desktop systems , from my first 486dx266 to my most recent 3 . 04ghz dell rebuild ( looks like a dell , but does n't quack like one ) . i know what " right " looks like , and apple has finally gotten it right . the design of the ibook and powerbook is top notch . a very tight chassis , maximized screen , and overall clean finish with each model . the software took this microsoft handicapped user about an hour to figure out , but if you work with it enough , you 'll find you can learn something new every day . reliability is also the best i 've ever seen . there are no " blue screens of death " on mac 's . my wife 's old g3 displayed a " sad mac " once , but that was on a mac from another era . i have n't heard of anyone having " show stopper " problems with the g4 's . i had a few peripherals that i did n't want to part with , like my dell axim . not to worry . pocketmac ( a 3rd_party answer to pocketpc and activesync ) allows me to sync data between powerbook and pda effortlessly . the keyboard , mouse , and even monitor can all be used with the powerbook when i 'm at my desk . who needs computer speakers when you can play itunes through your home stereo ( with an airport express in the mix ) . when it comes to games , quality headphones do the trick . the 80gb hd is a lot smaller than what i have in my dell , but i 've invested in a lacie d2 external_drive which puts me at ease when storage is a concern . with office for mac , i can open , edit , and save any officexp file i can find . no compatibility_issues whatsoever . warning if you intend to play pc games on a mac by using virtualpc ... don't ! that 's not what virtualpc was designed for , and the results will show that . if you want to play games on a mac , visit the aspyr website and buy the mac versions . the price was higher than what some would expect to pay for a comparable pc laptop . extras are expensive , and are probably where apple really makes their money . custom configurations are non refundable non returnable , as clearly stated on the apple website . if you customize ( which you have to , if you want the 128mb video_card ) , plan on handing over another 300 for the applecare_protection_plan . that 'll give you 3 years service and support the alternative to being stuck with a lemon six months after purchase if you 're unfortunate enough . me ? i guess i got lucky according to one reviewer . everything worked out of the box , and continues to work as advertised . from what i can tell , that 's not lucky that 's the norm . as i use the powerbook more frequently , i find myself going to my dell less and less .
do n't be afraid of taking the step and getting an apple notebook . the other ones are n't worth it . i 've had a dell and a toshiba , and both have failed me . i do n't even want to mention my grandma 's hp . powerbook is quite simply the best . its design blows the mind , with no little doors or anything that could get caught on something . the apple experience starts when you open the box . its incredible . apple is the bmw of computers . its beatiful . when you finish calibrating the battery the way they say , you 're ready to have fun . the apple logo lights up in back . you do n't notice it , you 're having so much fun . a plenthora of the latest ports ( apple did n't bother with the old ports nobody will use ) , you can hook up your usb 2 and firewire devices . inside apple has given you the best software . dell will load your laptop up with cheesy shareware software , where you have to buy it after 15 days . apple gives you the finest included . ilife 04 with itunes ( manage music ) , iphoto ( manage photos ) , imovie ( edit movies ) , idvd ( make dvds ) , and garageband ( make edit music ) blows away any software from the windows world . omnigraffle is a really cool drawing program , and graphicconverter is a great graphics program . mail , ical , address_book , safari , and the other built in apple programs are very nice . safari is better than internet explorer for browsing , and mail is far nicer than outlook_express . worried about not having enough software for mac ? forget it . there 's piles of high quality stuff for mac . there is literally nothing you can do on a pc that you ca n't do on a mac , often far better . even with games , where the mac is slightly lacking , you can get command_and_conquer , warcraft 3 , myst , age of empires , and many more popular titles . mac_osx was rated the best operating system according to pc world magazine , and its not hard to see why . i was smitten . you will be smitten too . mac simply do n't get viruses , spyware , and randomly crash right when you 're writing the most important report of your career . this is probably one of the biggest pluses . no more blue_screen_of_death . the built in wireless was a great plus . when i plugged in the mac , it found our wireless network instantly . did you know , we had not been able to figure out how to do file_sharing with our pcs . we plug in the mac , and it found our other pcs right then and there . i was file_sharing in minutes ! the backlit_keyboard is sooo cool . its automatic , and it is just stunning . watching_dvds is great . the battery actually lasts_long enough to finish the movie , and the controls are n't fussy and impossibly tricky . there 's no cd tray . its a slot_loading drive ( see picture in product_description ) overall , you can really tell someone was thinking when they made this computer . what a winner ! i do n't want to sound like a salesperson , so there are some cons wo n't run your windows software . you will have to look around for some replacements . most of the commonly used stuff is built right in , so you can read ( and create ) pdfs , manage your digital stuff , get mail , surf the web , read word_documents , and much much more . you may have to find some more specialized programs for excel and powerpoint files , graphics editing , etc ... ummm ..... the mouse has just one button umm ..... mac_osx takes a little getting used to , but then you 'll figure it out after a day or twoyou will be sorry if you choose to buy a wintel ( dell , compaq , hp , gateway , sony , etc ... ) notebook . when you spend the first 10 hours after you buy your computer on tech_support , you will remember this review . you have been warned .
the presentation of this unit when it arrived was very impressive . the packaging , the body , the little details that apple has thought of were very nice . however , i had wanted this machine mainly to do some digital_photography work and had been attracted by the included_software ( e . g . iphoto ) . iphoto does not compare to my pictures . it is cumbersome , difficult to file pictures in a useful way and tedious to use . it might be useful to show pictures to your family in a relatively unorganized fashion , but with all of the other excellent slide show software out there that do a good job , you would think that apple would get the hint . and finally , when i loaded over 20gb worth of photos into pictures , iphoto went into some kind of spin where it never stopped trying to load the photos . i was finally able to stop it when i dumped the photos . i had this unit for two weeks and while i had it it froze up on me twice . i decided that this was not something that i needed to have especially since for me this was a switch from windows_xp on an acer which has worked very well . thus , i decided to retun the unit and am now waiting for amazon to return my money .
i 've had this computer for almost three months now . i upgraded to the 128mb videocard and 1gb_ram . i also installed abobe creative_suite cs , office 2004 for mac , virtual_pc 6 with win2000 and red_hat_linux , and macromedia stdio 2004 . i also have lots of ibm made windows_xp pro laptops and workstations . windows_xp drives me nuts most of the times . as an italian , i do appreciate beauty and aesthetics , and i certainly agree with steve_jobs when he says about microsoft , " they have no taste . " when you compare the elegance of macos with winxp , it 's like comparing a michelangelo painting with a six year old kid 's drawing . and i wo n't even mention the beauty of the machine itself or even the attention to details in the packaging of the unit . the os is rock solid . i may have photoshop , indesign , dreamweaver , iphoto open at the same time , and the os hums through all that like a lexus at 65mph on the i5 . this my not be the fastest pc out there , but it certainly does not feel any slower than my 3 . 0ghz , 1gb , 80gb , 7200rpm ibm intellistation . it is surely more stable though ( and quieter too ) . the thing is , this machine , unlike a windows box , does not require a norton or mcafee_internet_security suite to bog down your system resurces . to give you an example , my virtualpc win2000 was fine until i installed mcafee_internet_security suite , which slowed it down a bit ( well , maybe five bits ) . it is actually amusing to use virtual win2000 on top of macos . when you see the sloppines of windows based programs , unwanted balloon tips popping up all the time bragging about the new exciting features of the os or warning you about a new virus and so forth , it is a pleasure to go back to mac_os and just do whatever you need to do with ease . the apple mail program has a better spam filter than outlook on my ibm . the machine goes to sleep in one second and wakes up from sleep in two seconds , and even when on , it 's whisper_quiet . when the processor is working at full blast , you can hear the noise , but it 's still much quieter than my ibm boeing 747 take off kind of noise . safari is fast and reliable , ilife is a pleasure to use , when inserting a previously seen but unfinished dvd into the slot , the dvd player asks you whether you want to start watching the movie from the beginning or from where you left off . is n't that what every dvd player on the planet should do ? yet , not only do windows based dvd player not do that , they either have some of the ugliest interfaces in the software world ( windvd ) or install a lot of crapware on your system that makes ad windows pop up all the time ( real player ) . mac_os never crashed in three months of intensive use , nor did the applications , with the exception of word 2004 ( it does it all the time when selecting italian as the language in the tools menu ... maybe bill gates does not like italy ) and iphoto once . switching from windows to mac was a walk in the park , i think i took 10 minutes to figure out the big picture , and one day to master it at an intermediate level . if you are a developer , you 'll love the xcode and python programs too . they come free with the machine . the machine is not perfect , though hence only four stars . text looks crisper to me in win_xp than it does in mac_os , even though microsoft drives me nuts with its persistence in using small_size fonts in this day and age . sure , i know i can select extra large fonts in display panel , and i can change font size within specific applications , but it 's still a pain in the rear and time consuming . fonts on the mac are already of the perfect_size ( apple , unlike ms , seems to grasp the concept that we are not using 640x480 screens anymore ) and a pleasure to read , even though they could be a bit crisper ( that could be a subjective thing , though . some people swear by the smoothness of mac fonts ... ) . btw , you will have to know how to set up the clear font option in win_xp because it 's not active by default , which makes text in win_xp horrible . again , what is microsoft thinking ? sloppy people . the second complaint about this powerbook is relative to the lid hatch that lets the lid pop open sometimes . i know there 's a diy way of fixing it . i just did n't go the apple discussion board yet , to read how to implement it . overall , unless you are into gaming , you should definetly ditch windows in favor of mac_os . it will be like leaving the venetian casino in vegas and going to piazza_san_marco in venice . when you see the real thing , you will be asking yourself , " why was i at the venetian in the first place ? "
wow . i just ca n't say enough good things about this computer . i bought this laptop back in may 2004 , and i have been doting on it ever since . i am a college student majoring in graphic_design , so the purchase of this computer was a must . i am generally a pc user , so i thought that the switch to a mac may be harder than i would hope . that did n't seem to be the case at all ! i learned this computer and all it 's commands in less than one week with the help of a good mac_book . when it is delievered to your door , it comes in a beautiful case it 's like opening a brand new mini car ! all of my friends were around and i felt like i was unwrapping the crown jewel of computers ! all of my friends knew how much this baby cost , so they were just as excited to see if my money was worth it ! well , i decided right then and there that i would fall in love with this computer the second i hit the power_button . we were in awe ! most of us being pc users , we found that mac_os x was way beyond windows_xp in quality , solidness , and pure asthetics . the software that comes with the computer is great ! i love ilife ! it helps organize all your photos and you can post them to a website in under 2 minutes ! when you decide to purchase this little beauty a few suggestions upgrade the memory to 1 gig so many people say that , but it 's not very affordable to upgrade ram to 1 gig but believe me , your computer will run so much more smoothly if you just invest a little more . buy the powerbook plan ! ! ! phone_support only last 90 days after you buy this , and when you are buying something with this sort of price_tag , you need to take all precautions in safeguarding it . the plan extends warranty and support for 3 years ! office for mac ! ! wow ! i love this version of microsoft office . it 's kinda strange , but i actually feel like this version of microsoft office is the only version of office ! it 's wonderful ! loads of features ! ! when you decide to purchase this computer , you wo n't be dissappointed . the screen is absolutely stuning ( i have not had the problems a few people claim to have about white sploches on the screen . ) i love the back lit_keyboard ! it 's just plain cool ! when you have this little beauty sitting on your desk or in your lap , you will be envied by all ! especially pc users ! !
it 's worked_great for over 3 years without any problems . my only negative comment is that the speaker volume is n't as loud as my old powerbook pismo . overall , highly_recommended to any mac lover .
as power_users wait patiently for powerbook g5 , apple gives us the most matured powerbook g4 to date . no major breakthrough here , but all are nice to have faster_cpu 7447a running 1.5 ghz vs . 7447 running 1 . 25 ghz faster gpu ati mobility radeon 9700 vs . ati mobility radeon 9600 faster superdrive writes cd rw , dvd r , and dvd rw at double the speed 100 cheaper fixed various manufacturing defects that plagued previous_generation ( e . g. , bad lcd ) all in all , these additions make up the fastest and most trouble_free powerbook g4 . still ... there are things missing long_battery_life although apple specifies 4.5 hours_of_battery_life , you will be lucky to get 3 ( most will get 2 to 2.5 hours under typical use ) faster hard_disk although you can specify 5400 rpm hard_disk as built to order option , it bundles 4200 rpm hard_disk ( not optimal for garageband and imovie ) high resolution lcd year after year , the 15 inch_powerbook is still stuck at 15 . 2 " running 1280x854 resolution apple should offer higher_resolution 15 . 4 " as an option for power_users new bluetooth 1 . 2 it includes older bluetooth 1 . 1 no digital_audio output most notebooks do n't yet offer this , but apple should slower in most respect than high end centrino notebooksif you need the best portable running mac_os x today , this 15 inch_powerbook is it ( unless you can comfortably carry 17 inch ) . but i wonder what apple has it in store for the powerbook g5 next year .
it 's not hype . this is the best 15 " notebook i 've seen , and i 've seen a lot of notebooks in this form_factor . price out a similarly_equipped pc notebook and the apple comes in cheaper . the screen_quality problems have been solved , tho there definitely were some problems with the previous_generation of this laptop . the performance is very impressive with the high end grapics card and speedy hard_drive . its biggest advantage over pc laptops is the operating system . mac_os x is far ahead of windows in terms of stability , speed , features , lack of infections and compatibility . unlike what the reviewer says about the uk , there is no service charge for warranty repairs in the states . actually , i 'm surprised there 's a charge in the uk . if i had to pay for warranty repairs , i 'd be pretty steamed !
my fujitsu lifebook ( which i loved ! ) died on me w a shorted out motherboard that was impossible to access to fix ( w out the help of few 100s just to open her up ) . i found it just easier to purchase a new notebook than repair . yes , the powerbook was an expensive purchase . in retrospect , a_12 " probably would have been fine . i also do n't know that i need the dvd burner but i have it . the speed is great . th 80g is nice . the screen is superb . resolution is wonderful . set up was a breeze , as was connection to my pre existing wireless network . as always , apple 's packaging and design are flawless . the keyboard is wonderful ( and i like the backlighting ) . testing out idvd was fun . 'star wars' looked_great on the screen ( ok , maybe a_12 " would n't have cut it for something like that ) . still lot more features to play with ( imovies , iphoto , etc ) that i wo n't do n't use everyday .... but fun to have . security is pretty sound and was even talked out of purchasing a virus pack by the folks the apple store . though i had an early version of a mac , it 's taking a bit of time to reacclimate to a non windows unit . i have some issues w the mac version of office but that is for a software review later . ok so why only 4 stars ? i 've decided it 's very tough to give technology prodcuts 5 stars . i 've done so in the past and been burned . but i 've also decided not to review them immeidately anymore also . had the powerbook 2 mos and very happy w it . in my mind 5 star worthy . in print i 'll hedge my bets and stick w 4 .
i have been your stereotypical gamer geek pc user since i was in 8th grade , and all the time have been deftly opposed to anything with an apple logo on it . i had always accepted macintosh as a sort of " stupid person 's computer , " since we had used them in grade school to a ) type things , b ) play oregon_trail on game tuesdays , and c ) learn to type . also , while growing up my friend 's dad had a performa ppc that he used to a ) surf the internet ( what little internet there was back then ) , b ) taxes on quicken , and c ) check his stocks . now fast_forward . i had just finished my first semsester of college , and i needed a laptop . at first i run to the nearest box store and pick up a thin and light hp notebook , which had respectable specs for what i needed . 60gb hard_drive , 512mb ddr ram , 1 . 5ghz centrino , and an ( advertised ) over 5 hours battery_life . wow ! for only 1399 , i grabbed it in an instant . i had it for 5 days . right out of the box i booted it up and it ran as slow as my roommates 466 mhz celeron that we pulled out of a dumpster b c he is a cheapskate . 10 seconds to boot up office ? c 'mon ! i had just spent 1400 on a cool looking piece of plastic that get beat out by 5 year old celerons . then that amazing battery_life was actually around 2 2 . 5 hours . wow again . all that low_voltage technology and it ca n't even get past 3 hours ? my god i needed something else . so i returned it promptly and started shopping again . the school bookstore has always had a plethora of apple products on display because they are one of only two apple dealers in the city ( what , bozeman mt is a small town ! ) . they definitely looked infinitely more sexy than the performa that my friend and i had grown up with ( playing gridz yeeehaw ! ) i spent about a week researching this 1.5 ghz powerbook . about 19 of the 20 amazon review gave it 5 stars or ( if they could ) higher . so i decided to spring for one , because of the bookstore 's return_policy and the fact that i needed something before the next semester . even at purchase i was still skeptical of buying a mac , and at 2500 , i thought , it better be a damn perfect computer . i have had this powerbook for a week now , and i must say pc users who hate everything apple you just need to experience it . i thought i would regret the incompatibilities between xp and os x , but instead , i spend all my time thinking to myself " why the hell did n't microsoft think of this ! ! ! " this is hands down the tightest software i have ever had the pleasure to use . os x is not simple , it is logical . unlike xp , there are never unavailable options because of your incompatible hardware , and best of all no baloon info ! when was the last time a pc user actually needed to be reminded that they had just removed their usb key ? ? ? or , in case of a re install of xp which i did more often than not , usually an hour or so is spent making sure the os worked with the computer as best as possible . os x works . period . no tweaking , no secret options to increase performance . os x is a pc user 's dream ! imagine an os , out of the box , that is already a finely tuned and stripped of its useless features and software , that does n't crash , does n't need drivers , does n't need setting up , and best of all works ! ! ! if apple can find an easier way to communicate this with the pc population , i 'm sure they will have majority market_share in a matter of years . i love my powerbook ! i 'm sure if you 're reading this , you 've_read other reviews that go through all the " duh " features and battery_life , blah_blah . actually , unless you will use this on your lap for very long periods of time ( 99 of the time it will be on a library table or airplane tray ) it get warm ( not hot ) but i guess it gets annoying unless its cold out . also , if apple can create a computer like this , they can definitely make a longer battery . i do n't think 5 real_life hours is impossible with the additional use of lithium_polymer batteries to fill up any extra_space inside ( like the ipod battery ) also , the screen , when closed , is a wee bit wobbly . i want to see airtight seals on the lid , but , again , this really does n't matter . the 12 " version is rock solid in this aspect , with the lid closing perfectly tight . i guess it 's just an ailment of having a big_screen . but these are very minor_gripes for a guy wishing apple to create the perfect laptop . although not quite perfect yet this is still far superior to any pc notebook on the market today . one more thing two buttons and a scroll function on the touchpad . seriously apple , even that crappy hp had that ! but , my minor_issues aside , all you need to know is this i hated macs , am a very literate pc guy ( ccna , a certification ) who never thought he 'd buy a mac . i have n't " switched over " , persay , but my mac is now " my computer , " and the pc is kept for stuff that does n't work on the powerbook . incredible job , steve_jobs ! an to think , a month_ago i was telling friends that apple should drop computers and just sell ipods ! this is not the case . apple should be on top of the market with products like this . 5 out of 5 stars ! i love it !
here are the reasons to buy this laptop 1 . it 's gorgeous ! best looking laptop i 've ever seen . 2 . price amazon 's price ( ... ) is the best price you 'll find on any brand of laptop with this quality_build in a thin light laptop . 3 . solid very solid_construction . no creaks or rattles . very well made . 4 . worry_free no viruses , no spyware , no freezes . 5 . easy very intuitive and simple but powerful to use . i love it ! ! !
i have used macs since 1990 ( classic , lc , original imac , cube , powerbook 140 ) . this model replaces a g3 pismo ( 400mhz ) powerbook that i bought when the 1st titanium powerbooks were announced . the pismo was getting a bit too slow for my needs ( especially ripping cd 's multitasking ) . computers are always being upgraded become obsolete very soon i try to hold out as long as possible before upgrading usually buy the most recent previous_model when a new model is released ( because of the price reduction ) . this time , i decided to " take a step down " ( from a powerbook to an ibook w smaller screen ) but buy the newest_version of a model that 's been on the market ( i like to avoid buying the first iteration of a brand new model ) . my decision was based on the fact that i often thought about dragging around my laptop with me ( i like to bike instead of driving ) , however the thought of lugging it around ( because of its weight size ) usually ended up making me leave it at home . so when this model was upgraded to 1.2 ghz ( wireless built in ) and .. offered a 150 rebate , i jumped . my initial observations after having it a week ? it seems to me like this was my smartest computer purchase to date i think it 's probably the best computer value for the money of any type ( pc mac , laptop desktop ) ever offered to date . i paid over 3000 for the powerbook 145 in the early 90s , over 2000 for the pismo in 2000 now 850 for this laptop which is lighter has many more features better software than those previous_models . i really do like the more compact_size of the 12 " model than my 15 " pb . portability lightness longer battery run time are more important to me than watching_dvd 's or editing documents side by side ( that 's why i have my 23 " cinema_display at home ) and i do n't need to use final_cut_pro . when i take a laptop with me , it 's usually for basic word_documents , email , internet surfing , ripping cds downloading pictures from a digital_camera . the improvements in processor bus speed in this model over my pismo are very noticeable . while there is less screen_real_estate , new features in os x make this less of a problem ( expose the ability to instantly hide switch between desktop applications ) . this laptop does feel pretty durable looks great out of the box , though i can see the white surface getting scratched marked pretty easily , particularly if you use it a lot . it also attracts a lot of dust dirt ( static cling ) . i had initially stayed away because of reports of latch problems , but it looks like this version has fixed that . the screen sort of hovers slightly over the keyboard when latched ( 2 small rubber feet keep it from touching ) it opens up to fall behind the main section ( so that it does n't catch . getting all the features into such a compact form , though , does have a price . i noticed that the airport signal sometimes drops from 4 bars to 3 , despite the fact that i have n't moved my computer ( my pismo always maintained full strength with the slower wireless card ) . while the computer is great , it is n't perfect . some differences ( in using cheaper parts ) are noticeable from my pismo . i installed a 512 mb ram stick , ( which was n't too difficult ) noticed that the ibook 's keyboard is cheaper flimsier than my pismo . trying to remove it was a bit difficult ( only because it feels like it could break more easily the space in which it fits is much tighter ) . also , the speakers are much cheaper sound like it . the hard_drive is only 4200 rpm i was planning on replacing it with a 60 gb_7200_rpm model , however looking at what this entails ( taking the entire laptop apart ) , i 'm contemplating taking it in to have it done ( i 've done all my upgrades myself to date ) . the touch_pad also seems a bit more sensitive ( my mouse will often pop around on the screen when another finger might accidentally touch it while scrolling ) . the only other downsides so far ? only one firewire port ( 400 ) . this makes it difficult if you want to use an isight camera or an ipod or an external firewire drive . you 'll have to plug unplug devices ca n't keep 2 connected unless you get a hub ( which you 'll have to carry around ) . the pismo had 2 because of it , i gravitated towards firewire devices ( over usb ) . while apple did upgrade the usb ports ( 2 ) to usb 2 . 0 , the only firewire port is at the slower speed . apple seems to be dropping the ball on firewire for some reason ... maybe they 're no longer going to support it ? initially it was a better choice over usb ( faster the ability to power external_devices ) , so it 's too bad . also , apple has changed the installation disks that come with computers . this model comes with 10 . 3.5 ( no more classic os 9 ) and the disks will only work for this model ( previously you could upgrade all your computers to the newest os with a new computer 's installation disks ) . but os x has been around for a while now has improved quite nicely since its infancy . the entire " i " suite ( itunes , iphoto , idvd , garage_band , ical ) , a basic text editing program appleworks ( which really has been neglected for a while now ) quicken 2005 , along with games utilities come bundled with the os ... and the manual ? get online access apple 's support_site or other mac sites for help , they 're far more informative than the booklet or the os 's help system .
when you 're a grown up , " toys " include notebook_computers , and this is a honey . between the combo_drive and the built in wifi antenna , you 've got just about everything covered , everything you 'd want to do ( homework ? no , watch a dvd ! ) is wrapped up in one tight little package , and it 's fast enough to run osx , which is the best os i 've ever used , and i 'm old and crusty . battery_life is always an issue with any notebook . and it 's usually overstated . i 'd look into buying a second battery if i were you . i 'm a dedicated apple user , and i 'd say that this notebook is a tremendous value ! ! !
ibook 12 " is the best value for your money notebook . if you ever wanted to switch or try mac_os x this is your chance . at 1000 this little notebook does wonders . i have been a windoze user for the past 8yrs and coming back to mac has been the best thing i 've done ! the os is so stable and user_friendly its amazing . no spyware virus trojans etc ... to worry about on the mac_os x ( not yet at least ) and the safari browser is wonderful as it blocks 99 of pop ups and is fast ! as for the specs of the 12 " model its great for someone just coming into macs . the 30gb ( its actually 27gb ) hdd is small . you wo n't be storing many movie files ( imovie idvd ) so if you plan on doing any video_editing this is not the notebook for you ( look into the 14 " model w a super or the new powerbooks with the super ) . you can store music files , regular apps but nothing major . you must upgrade the ram to at least 512mb total . things will run a lot more smooth if you do . 256mb is decent but it gets choppy at times . for an all around computer this ibook 12 " is perfect . the screen_size may turn off some people but its sharp as can be . the portability factor is a plus as its thin and lightweight . if you plan on storing lots of huge files , video_editing , playing graphic intensive games , photoshop , etc ... this may not be the right notebook for you . but for an overall everyday computer this will be for you . if the screen_size turns you off you can always hook it up to an external crt with the included adaptor . this is a very good notebook and for the money its a bargin hands down for an apple ! highly suggested .
just upgraded from a old slow performa 6360 on 5 25 05 to this new osx monster and am so glad i made the move . the good about this ibook1 ) tiny2 ) super_fast and super_light ! 3 ) sleeps and awakes almost as fast as my pda ! no pc laptop can boast about this ! 4 ) boots up almost as fast as my pda5 ) really stable os . much superior to os 9 and windows6 ) the color is nice7 ) cd rw and dvd rom drives ( something my old performa lacked ) 8 ) usb 2.x ports9 ) built in wi_fi . the next generation of internet access ! 10 ) tiger seems to be able to open about 90 of my old classic apps . 11 ) much more i cant think of right know ! however there are some gripes , but these gripes can be expected with such a low_end machine . but needless here they are . the bad about this ibook1 ) lack of a built_in_mic port2 ) lack of a built in ir port3 ) lack of bluetooth4 ) hard_drive is way too small5 ) internal mic is not the best6 ) no pcmcia card slot7 ) not much software or hardware on the mac market and often companies dont make their mac versions as fancy as their pc counterparts . this is a major gripe that i have with logitech which has put far less effort into their osx quickcam software than that of windows or even their old , old quickcam mac software from the 1990 's ! i have other gripes that i cant think of just know , but the gripes pale in comparison to the many advantages . john
i had a 15 " dell inspiron laptop that just went out of its extended_warranty , and i wanted to buy another laptop on my terms , rather than scrambling to get a new one when something bad happened to the dell . when i saw the price of the 12 " ibook and looked at the included programs , i realized that the ibook is the perfect laptop for me . 1 ) i am always on the run . the ibook is light and tiny . it 's a pleasure to carry about , much easier to actually use on my lap than my dell was . 2 ) i do browsing , word_processing and desktop_publishing , mp3s , and digital photo tweaking . that 's pretty much it . on my dell i had a hodgepodge of software that did n't work together . the ibook 's ilife suite of software works together and is included along with appleworks with the ibook at no extra charge . you can get a cheaper pc , but honestly , i do n't think it 's cheaper once you factor in the software you get and the quality . you are not getting a cheap processor like a celeron and a dumbed down os like xp home . i am not saying that macs are better than pcs . i like my dell fine . i am just saying that for the average computer user who needs a laptop that packs maximum value for the money in a small package , you ca n't_beat the ibook .
i use my ibook all day every day . it 's a great little machine . since i work on it all day , i got some extra_ram to make it run faster , and handle more open applications , and recently upgraded the os to the latest , tiger . my ibook been a real pleasure to use , since i switched from an hp with windows_xp . it took some time , but i found replacement apps for all the apps i 'd used in the pc world . i got it for a steal , using multiple rebates .
the ibook is a great laptop especially for those who are interested in trying out a mac . however , these laptops lack the minimum graphics_card to support all of the features in the next macosx release ( 10 . 4 ) which will occur by may at the latest . which means that apple is unloading these ibooks to clear their inventory of the substandard graphics_card and will soon upgrade this system to a geforce card that supports pixel shading . otherwise , macosx 10 . 4 will run slower on your machine because the graphics will be totally loaded under your cpu . with future ibooks , the upgraded graphics_card will unload the graphics to the gpu . huge speed_difference . you might want to hold out purchasing an ibook for a few more months . this also could mean a total redesign of the ibook , but that is totally speculative .
i ordered this version of the ibook g4 ( 12 " screen , 1.2 ghz , 30 gb_hard_drive , 256 mb ram ) because of a variety of reasons . 1. ) i wanted extreme_portability , and purchased this because of the compact_size and light weight of this notebook . not only is it compact , but it is durable too , as the outer casing is made of a sturdy plastic and the frame is a strong , durable , aluminum . 2. ) i wanted the ability to access wireless hotspots while traveling , and or around my home and office . the built in airport card allows me to do just that , with exceptional range . 3. ) i was tired of using the windows interface , and wanted an operating system that is easy and that logically made sense . this ibook came with mac_os x panther installed ( edit i am now running osx tiger on it , with no problems ) . fast , easy , and reliable . that 's all i ask for in an os , and what everyone should expect . if you are not familiar with mac_os , then it will take a little getting used to , but it is not difficult . 4. ) i needed something basic . i use my ibook to access the internet , download songs from itunes , email to friends and family , write short stories and poetry , some spreadsheet work , and play a few games . this ibook does the job . ( for gaming , i do recommend a ram upgrade , from the basic 256 mb . it boils down to this simple , portable computer that does n't take up a lot of space , and does n't cause a lot of angst in terms of repairs , installations ( software and hardware ) , and is simple to use .
seems like ages ago that i bought this machine from amazon , though it was the summer of 2005 . it represented the vaunted g4_processor , previously available only on powerbooks , which had sold at a 60 to 80 price premium to this ibook . well , the cheaper ibook proved to be more attractive in many ways than its expensive predecessor trimmer , lighter , and faster than the powerbook i 'd purchased only 2 years previously . but the build_quality and attention to details were not up to the powerbooks . within a year , the letters began rubbing off of my most used keys , and the keyboard became so loosey goosey and rickety sounding that it was no longer a pleasure to use the darn machine . having dropped and totaled my latest , a macbook , i 'm forced to return to this beaten up baby , but it 's going to need a new keyboard . and i 'm going to have to make some psychological adjustments not to feel consigned to the dark ages . ( the hard_drive is listed at an unbelievable 30 gb of memory less than that once you 've factored in onboard programs and applications ) . nowadays that 's considered minuscule even for a cell phone , ipod , or jump drive that you carry on a key chain ! ) but face it , we 've gotten a bit silly about technology as though we 're all that happier because gadget makers announce amazing innovations every 6 months , making us wonder if we should trade in our flat_screen which has 720 pixels for one that has 1080 , even though to the naked_eye they usually look the same . for a couple of hundred bucks , this is n't a bad pick up . the battery is almost as good as those currently used by apple , and it heats up to the same degree as my recent macbook ( but much less than the old powerbook ) . just remember not to store your entire record and movie collection on it . try for one which has already had the keyboard replaced , or plan for that extra expense ( and persuade the seller to knock off a few additional bucks ) . and best not drop it ( but better this than one costing between 2 and 3 grand ) .
with the switch to intel processors coming in the next few years , i decided on buying the least expensive apple laptop . for the money , it is a lot of computer . when i got the machine i upgraded the ram to 512mb , as 256mb does not run os x well . ( i 've just heard , by the way , that 512mb is now standard in these computers . ) the keyboard is great , and the trackpad is far superior to my old clamshell ibook . my screen is fine with no dead_pixels , and i also like the small_size of this machine . smaller screened laptops with slower processors generally get better battery_life , and after getting an average of 4.5 hours per battery in my old ibook this has a lot to live up to . i bought an external dvdrw drive for this computer since it does n't have an internal superdrive and am happy i did , as it saved some money and allowed me to get the 12 " display . the other accessory i recommend is a griffin imic interface . it 's a usb device that allows a microphone to be connected . the lack of the microphone jack is my only real_complaint here , and they perhaps could have put one in if they had gotten rid of the 56k modem , which is something many users will never use . with enough power for almost anyone , this computer figures to be my primary_machine for the next few years , as i will be on the road quite often and will be away from my imac more frequently than i will see it . based on the few worksessions i 've had with this machine , though , i may not even miss the imac .
having last owned a mac about 10 years_ago ( mac classic in college ) , i 've been eagerly looking at the platform since the release of os x . i 've recently switched both my home ( emac ) and mobile computers ( ibook ) to mac , and do n't intend on ever going back . the ibook is a great value ( especially if you are able to get the amazon rebate ) , and is a very complete package . in has pretty current hardware ( 1 . 2 ghz g4 works_great for most all current apps , but upgrade the ram ! ) , great functionality ( small and compact with no edges to snag your clothing or your backpack , 6 hour_battery_life , built in 802 . 11g wireless networking , great included ilife apps ) , great apple industrial_design , and a great operating system in os x panther . another truly great feature of the mac notebooks is its sleep mode . close the lid and the computer goes into power_saving sleep mode , where will happily sleep for days and days without using up the battery ( i do n't remember when i last reboot or shut off my ibook . ) open the lid , and it is awake and ready to go in a second or 2 . windows notebooks have this feature too , but my last couple of notebooks always end up crashing or locking up ( 1 was windows_2000 , the other was win_xp professional ) , preventing me from using this feature . my understanding is that they take up more juice in their sleep mode as well , so they ca n't be used like the ibook i feel completely comfortable putting my computer to sleep for the night without the power_adapter . finally a comment about the mac platform . switching to a mac is not as 'traumatic' an experience as is made out to be . web , email , photos , music all these applications are cross_platform and interchangeable between windows and mac_users . microsoft office is almost completely cross_platform compatible as well . i also had a pleasant_surprise the other day when i logged onto my windows network at work with my ibook , with no configuration necessary ! ( when they set up the new network , an admin had to spend about half an hour on each windows_pc to make different necessary changes ! ) i do n't know how that is , but within 5 minutes i was copying files from the network servers and printing to a network printer .
the new 12 " ibook has everything you need in a super_portable laptop . it 's 20 percent faster than the model it replaces and 20 percent cheaper , with a hundred buck price cut and wireless networking included . the ibook features a brilliant , small screen , 4 hour_battery , 4.9 pounds , an array of fast ports , industry leading styling and the best repair record in the industry , according to consumer reports . reliability and service is especially important with temperamental laptops . apple laptops also never come with the cheap integrated_graphics you will find on similarly_priced pc products . there also are the usual mac bennies no viruses to worry about , no spyware , no pop up ads with safari , faster , cleaner , smarter software , painless connections to printers and networks , and the coolness factor to boot .
let me qualify this review by making it clear that i am not a mac_user . my only experience with mac 's is a few mins spent each time i visit apple store . i am writing this for those thinking of a switch from xp to mac . i know it will be unpopular with mac fans but hope it helps you xp users make the right decision . ibook pro 's , 1 . it looks sleek , smooth and sexy . nothing in pc world is this well designed . 2 . no weekly patches coming from redmond to apply . 3 . no anti_virus or anti spyware needed ( ? ) 4 . longer_battery_life than pc laptops but not by much . 5 . ca n't really think of anything else other than the different and coolness factor . con 's , 1 . screen , screen , screen . the 12 " pbook ibook just look awful with mac_os x 's anti aliased fonts . xp 's cleartype seems really really clear in comparison . ( search for " quartz extreme " for more details on apple 's website ) 2 . need to spend 160 to put in 1gb_ram ( in contrast xp runs similarly fast on just 512mb , about 30 expense for an extra 256mb stick ) . 3 . all accessories are extremely high priced . how about 60 for a mouse ? 4 . no upgrades , everything except ram slot is very hard to reach . 2 dozen mini screws before you reach hard_disk ! 5 . need to buy new softwares , i have almost everything needed for xp already . 6 . non scrolling single button touchpad . 7 . paying atleast 30 premium compared to similar_hardware with wintel laptops . 8 . stuck with propreitary things apple does , no innovation or competetion like in pc world . 9 . need to buy apple 's extended_warranty because very few people can open or repair it . and laptops ca n't be fixed at home unlike desktops . 10 . lots of softwares and devices just do n't work on mac . what good is a laptop that would give you strain with its tiny fancy fonts ? what good is wasting your hard_earned money for nothing special ? what good is a fancy laptop if it can run only propreitary software from apple and very little else ? in short , do n't fall for that ipod " halo_effect " that wall_street analysts are talkin about . the ibook powerbook look very good but are no good for most xp users , unlike ipod . xp itself is very stable by now , just needs lots of patches updates . do n't waste your time money on this .
the ibook is simply cool . period . it 's a great little package and even the power_supply is a pleasant alternative to " the brick " of pc laptops . it was easy to set up , recognized a wireless network without any problems and was up and running . apple finally caught up and added scroll to the touchpad of the power book but apparently does not plan to add it to the ibook . there is only one mouse button leaving this pc user always wanting to right click for context specific menus . wireless range was surprisingly poor compared to two hp laptops and data transfer speed decreased dramatically as the signal grew weaker . the cool , click and lift keyboard provides access to check the wireless antenna but that does not help the range and speed problems . base memory is adequate but run an ms_office app and it grinds the drive like a bunn coffee grinder . bump up the memory by at least 512mb . printing is still the achilles heel of apple . the company has always sought to do cool graphics but printed output is still an afterthought . printing on a win network creates problems . it can see printers andinstall them but it cannot access them unless they have an ip_address . shared printers accessable on a win network will not work with an apple . if that is not a concern , this is the machine for you . if you must interface with hardware on a win network you might want to reconsider . apple is still very parochial and tech_support backs up when they hear that there is any hardware other than apple being used . blaming printers , routers , etc . , is not very helpful . despite these drawbacks the ibook is still cool and a great starter computer . the price with added memory brings this entry_level comptuer up to the price_point of a near top end pc . battery_life is as advertised at nearly six hours of realtime use with wireless networking in use and the computer barely gets warm . no pc can match that without a bag of aux batteries . the ibook is worth its premium_price just for the " cool_factor " and it will be up and running quickly .
after laoding xp pro this laptop has a lot of functionality in a light machine with a manageable footprint . when travelling the 15 . 4 inch_screen is as large as you want to go for a tray_table on a plane . at 6lbs this is 1 3 less heavy than my dell inspiron 4000 . the four usb ports and built in wifi allow me to do a wide variety of tasks . the screen is great its brighter , and it allows me to enlarge fonts without losing information and look at_large spreadsheets . my only con point is that the keyboard has a lighter feel than my dell that i am slowly getting used to . otherwise a well conceived and executed laptop . so far , so good ...
i spent about 3 weeks obsessing over which notebook to buy . let 's not kid ourselves with this tough economy stretching endlessly before most , it 's not so easy to throw down 2g 's for something i may may not like or use . so for a purchase this big , i needed to do lots of research . this laptop has all the listed specs , and more . i played on this in 3 different , well known chain_stores ( best buy , circuit_city , and compusa ) . it was n't enough for me to read all the wonderous specs and the 4 . 5 5 . 0 star reviews i needed to touch it , see it , work on it , hear it , and really know if it 's worth the mucho bucks . after exhaustive research , lots of online time reading reviews , issues , problems , and making side by side comparisons against other toshiba and similar notebooks , i finally decided to take a chance and buy this . i have owned a toshiba tecra notebook before ( great machine ) , but have mostly owned dell pc 's notebooks for many years and have often been loyal to that company . however , as most now are aware , dell 's customer_service has been quite unimpressive of late . i do n't know about toshiba 's service , but it could n't be any worse besides which , i bought the in store , 3 year warranty to make sure if there 's a problem , i can take it in myself , rather than ship it back and forth to toshiba . also , i comparison shopped with a very similar dell pc ( dell latitude d800 ) , which initially looks better at under 1400 ... except once i added on the " this and that " to match the specs on this toshiba , the dell price rose upwards of 2800 ! ! wow , what a difference in price , huh ? i am well aware of all the problems that could exist with this notebook as i 've mentioned , lots of research time went into this purchase . some recurring issues in forums are overheating_issues , dead_pixel ( one ) on the lcd ( which some tech_guy at a store told me is common on lcd screens , anyhow ) , smaller_keyboard size ( true enough , but it 's not bad at all ) , sound system not being outstanding ( come on , people , get a desktop for such extensive audio work ! ) , and the windows_xp home_edition that 's pre_loaded ( yes , really , do upgrade to the pro edition , as it 's less " buggy " ) . but , what notebook is perfect ? what other notebook has this much power , speed , battery_power saving capabilities ( centrino , baby ) , dvd rw cd rw , widescreen lcd screen display ( you have to see to believe .. it 's so beautifully bright that you ca n't help but be mesmerized and think " purty " ! ) , 80gb storage_capacity , firewire port , 4 usb ports , built in wireless wifi connectivity ( get the linksys wireless_router wrt54g for faster , more reliable speed ) , sd memory storage , and at 6 lbs . , what else could you want ? think about it what notebook does n't have problems ? they all do or will at some point . the key is to get a really good ( if somewhat expensive ) extended_warranty plan that will cover everything , so that you can use this baby and sleep well at night knowing you 're covered for all sorts of unforeseen problems . furthermore , you can get such cool accessories for this notebook that it 'll be like an early christmas present to yourself . ( see my accessory recommendations listed by asbin under this product separately ) . overall , if this review is n't enough for you , i 'd recommend that you go out to a store to test it , try it , see it , love it , buy it , and take good care of it because for 2g 's , this is n't your average toy . and if you decide to buy it , buy it at amazon , because you 'll save over 150 in taxes ( most states ) , which can go towards the xp pro upgrade , anyhow . oh yeah , and i 'd give this a 4.5 star not a_4 . 0 only because i did want the xp pro edition , pre_loaded , and maybe additional free ( read useful ) softwares , such as microsoft office . but since i have to upgrade and pay more for that stuff , i have to deduct the 1 2 star ... which , if you think about it , is not bad at all ! good luck and happy shopping ! and do n't forget that the rebates axe over 200 off the price , so for only 1800 , you ca n't go wrong !
as freelance journalist and now hollywood screenwriter , i can assure you i beat the daylights out of any computer at my disposal a lot more than you would . keyboards wear out quicker for writers , hinges go off the hinge at the constant idea spurts . come to think of it , i drive my car at 100mph where everywhere i go but that 's beside the point ... well , maybe not , if only to prove i am hard on machinery . i can go through an average laptop in about a year and a half . i have owned a sony vaio which was surprisingly well built but it had its little bugs . i also owned an older model toshiba given to me through my day job and i managed to kill that too . for what i need to do this laptop has been utterly amazing , in fact , it has lasted over 2 years an is still going strong . my only additions will be an upgrade to 2 gigs of memory since i have established that i have absolutely no patience when it comes to machinery . the processor is more than fast enough , if you need one faster than this you have mental issues that need examining . i am the original speed freak and this is fast enough to keep me passive . when doing research for articles or stories , i am running many multiple_programs at once and she just blasts from each to the next with no problems . the screen_brightness is externally adjustable which suits my many moods . the keys have since lost the slight tactile feels to them but the springiness and feedback through my digits are still the same . i usually wear them down the no spring response in no time . overall , i cannot even consider another laptop , even one made by toshiba as this model is no longer made , it was a special_edition . i am sure in time this too will wear out also but toshiba has made my replacement choice quite difficult by making the m35 s456 'special_edition , ' i do n't know that i 'll be able to live with another laptop without constantly comparing it to this one ... damn , sounds like a freaking realtionship , do n't it ? mj ) " racer 's edge " the movie , coming soon . think fast n furious on 2 wheels ... motocross , with a father son conflict .
bought this right after it came out . unfortunately , my satellite pro m15 s405 broke down shortly afterwards , followed shortly by horrible and bewildering customer_service experiences . i would not have bought this had that occurred . and just like the satellite pro , ( i bought both directly from toshiba btw , but this does n't grant you anything ) , the motherboard hard_drive had significant_problems , only with this one it occurred only a week after i purchased it . as i did n't want to deal with the headache of it breaking down again , which i 'm sure would 've happened just like with my satellite pro , i simply sent it in to have fixed ( btw , the 1 year warranty expires immediately after they fix the first problem and their customer_service department is horrible ) and just gave it to my computer illiterate uncle , who rarely if ever uses it . as for the performance , it was hard to judge , as i only had it for a week , but it seemed okay for those 7 days . should 've bought a dell or ibm
i struggled on whether to purchase this , or the sony s 150 . both had the superbright screen which is unbelieveable . the sony was much more compact , and 'cute' . this one has the dvd writer , bigger hard_drive , and faster centrino . here 's the scoop on this toshiba laptop . strengths 1 . that awesome truebrite screen ! glare is minimal display is awesome ! you 'll never go back to ordinary ! 2 . speed is very acceptable for a centrino . 3 . wifi works all the way down the street ! sony worked better with a cardbus adapter inserted . this works better period ! great ! 4 . speakers are better than average for a laptop . a surprise ! 5 . toshiba quality is legendary . only apple laptops are better . sony , ibm , hp , dell , compaq , gateway all follow ( in order according to numerous user responses ) . treat it right , and skip the 300 extended_warranty . here 's where quality pays you ! 6 . weight . fairly_light and thin compared to non centrinos . weaknesses 1 . battery somewhat disappoints . on full power and brightest display , 2 hours max . circuit_city has the 12 cell for about 99 . this is cheap , believe me ! i guess i 'd hoped for longer than 4 hours with a_12 cell . now that i have both batteries however , that 's 6 hours . guess i should n't_complain . 2 . keyboard . a bit soft , but that 's a very minor_issue . 3 . price . you 'll pay for a centrino with truebrite display . this is the only toshiba that has the truebrite . sony has it on nearly all models , and hp has it on one . got mine for 1749 ( after rebates no tax or shipping ) from amazon . 4 . gets warm underneath as many have mentioned , but much less of an issue than i expected ! all in all , i really love mine . it 's my second toshiba the first one is three years old and still going .
this is not built to the same standards as the older toshibas that we have floating around the office . the trubrite screen was beautiful , but you could see where corners were cut on the rest of the machine to hit the price_point . the whole unit was somewhat flimsy . most of the case is a kind of cheap looking silver plastic . the keyboard flexed with normal typing key pressure . the machine i received ran so hot that the fan never stopped my wrists were sweaty from resting on the notebook after typing just a couple of email messages . i was running the notebook on a desk , so blocked ventillation ports were not the issue . ( the warning sticker on the case saying that prolonged conact with bare skin may cause burns should have been a clue . ) i had heard that this model ran hot , but there has got to be a design problem . this was unprecedented . to add insult to injury , my particular computer arrived with little red lint specks in front of the lcd but behind the glossy outer screen surface . if you are considering buying this machine , take a long hard look at it in person and do n't be memerized by the screen . if you do buy it , get it from amazon and be sure to look into the toshiba extended_warranties that are available .
i have had this computer 2 days now . it is just amazing . it arrived from amazon charged and ready to go . in 10 minutes i had it fully set up ( it is so simple to set up ) and was surfing the web from my hotel . right now i am typing this whilst listening to the music from my ipod on it ! ! i never imagined a computer could be this easy to use . the only thing the other reviews did n't mention is that it is ready to go faster than i open the screen when coming up from sleep mode which is great when you just want to look something up . if you have an ipod then you know how easy apple stuff is to use just get this ! ! battery_life is great it shows the remaining time in the top right corner of the screen i am getting over 4 hours . dan
my first computer was a wintel and so were my second , third , and fourth . my brother decided to take the fourth one away from me just a couple of weeks_ago , so i had an opportunity to buy a new computer . a few of my college friends were boasting about their apple powerbook g4s , and being the wintel user that i 've been all of my life , i was curious . i did a lot of research looked at reviews , literally studied every tech_specs on the apple powerbook website , asked around , etc . then , osx tiger came out that week and every tech website that i went to was boasting on and on about how wonderful this new operating system is . i decided that i had to give it a try and so i did ! my apple powerbook g4 15 " came last week with an additional 512mb ram ( 1gb memory total ) and i have to say , i 'm pretty satisfied with it . everything is amazingly easy and i love the dock ! all of the programs that i use daily are only 1 click away and it makes my desktop looks uncluttered as compared to my windows_xp 's desktop . everywhere i 've taken this baby , people have been amazed as to how thin and beautifully_designed this is ! compared with other laptops , this baby is extremely_light too ! to think , my dad , who wanted me to stay with wintel , wanted me to buy an 8lbs . toshiba laptop . for my very petite size of only 5'0 and a little under 100lbs . , i do n't think i would 've been able to carry that toshiba in a shoulderbag around school . in addition , apple makes wireless connection so easy to install and use ! my friend , who owns an ibook with the same airport installed in his computer says it 's so easy to steal other people 's wireless_internet with an apple . i do n't know if this is true for wintel laptops , but immediately when i 'm near a place with wireless_internet installed , my airport automatically " discovers " it for me and i do n't have to enter any usernames or passwords or anything ! that 's how easy it is . not only does apple make wireless connection easy to use , but a lot of wintel users do n't know that mac is not as vulnerable to viruses as they are ! about almost 75 95 of viruses created are made to target windows users . this is why you do n't_hear any complaints about macs affected by viruses . now , is n't that wonderful ? however , i do have some minor complains though . first , this laptop does get pretty_warm if you set it down on a flat_surface or on your lap even because of the aluminum metal . just make sure you do n't wear short shorts and it should n't be too hot or purchase a laptop stand . secondly , i do miss the right click option on wintel a whole lot . now , i always have to ctrl click everything if i want to right click and it can be a chore sometimes . during my first week that i got this powerbook , i was wondering why my battery_life was so short since i only used itunes , ichat , and safari , and airport wireless at the same time . i did some research and found out that the best way to maximize your battery 's energy span is by fully discharging it , let it go to sleep , and plug in the power_adapter and let it charge until full . this should only be done once during your first week with your battery or any new battery . i 've also read that if you 're not using bluetooth or airport , remember to disable them so that you do n't waste any energy . all in all , i 'm very satisfied with my apple powerbook g4 . i saved 200 with the apple education discount so if anyone is planning to buy one soon in the near future , remember to take advantage of the discount ( even if you 're not currently enrolled in school just pick any school a school your children go to or a school that you went to and you 'll still get the discount ) ! it cost me 2 , 050 total including the 1gb memory upgrade and tax altogether when it should 've cost me 2250 2300 . this is a great investment and i hope any windows user with curiosities about switching to mac should go to the apple store and try it out for himself !
this is my 2nd portable mac , 1st was a_12 " ibook . i like the mac_os and needed extra power to run virtual_pc . so i sold my ibook and bought this powerbook . pro beautiful aluminum case . the screen is amazing with fast video_card . dvd 's look great , no ghosting or tracking . lighted_keyboard . trackpad scrolling . mac_osx tiger . expandability via usb 2 . 0 , firewire 400 800 , bluetooth 2 . 0airport extreme connects effortlessly . ease of use and much more . cons heat and limited battery when using airport extremewireless internet .
i 've_owned apple_computers going all the way back to the apple_ii . along the way , i have had the very rare bad apple . however , this powerbook g4 worked_great right out of the box . it was nice to find it fully_charged and ready to go . these days i 'm not really a 'power_user . i 'm not crunching any serious numbers or even much game playing , but i still appreciated the crisp speed of the 1 . 5ghz_processor . i can see a noticeable_difference between the 1 . 5ghz and my old powerbook g4 500mhz . i also like the keyboard and how it lights up in darker rooms . finally the powerbook has n't lost any of its coolness . i still get people commenting on how cool it looks . i have to say that this is one of the best apple products that i 've_owned in over 20 years of owning apple products .
i love my powerbook . the other review for a computer i have in my reviews area was written by my husband . i am an apple girl through and through . i have had successful use of my powerbook in the year since i bought it ( july 2004 ) . it is my 4th apple . i have switched with ease to being a 100 laptop user with this computer as my other main computers have been desktop ( imac ) . i use it for basic applications in addition to my digital photo habit . i had to increase my memory up to 1 . 25 to handle my large iphoto library and am actually considering another memory hit . i also run my digital music file through the network ( off an external_drive ) with itunes which is super_cool and great for parties . with the use of itunes my husband on his gateway is also able to run the music , which is even cooler . i found that i had to switch to the airport base ( ) to keep my wireless connection going smoothly versus the linksys ( g ) we owned . i just could n't keep connected . especially since i back up via the network every night , it was a huge aggravation . the airport base has fixed that problem . this thing gets hot . i noticed that immediately over my previous 12 " ibook . i mostly use it at a little computer stand which helps . i found it rather easy to get used to only one button after using a multiple button_mouse . i had been concerned about that when i bought it . beware that the case scratches_easily . i could kick myself i did n't have a proper bag for my camera and would slip it into my laptop back pack . the flash boot scraped up the cover of my laptop within weeks of me buying it . ( the battery keeps the same life today ( approx 2 hours ) as it did a year ago . much better than my husbands' windoze m505 by gateway which now lasts 10 20 minutes . bottom line , i love apple . it is a little more complicated than the general public is lead to believe . it is not as user_friendly as it used to be . and , their tactics of introducing a new os and software bundle per year and charging a bundle without an upgrade option make it a bit like microsoft ( or , applesoft , you might say ) . however , i still love it . i love the ilife programs ( which come included and installed . ) they all integrate together . the address_book works with mail , safari , and ichat . iphoto works with imovie . imovie works with itunes and idvd . impressive . smart . apple is the perfect package for a gadget girl like me who uses a computer essentially to keep in touch internet , mail , photos , video clips , etc . it 's stylish , streamlined , and simple . . mac is a wonderful way to create simple yet stylish web_pages to keep in touch with family and integrates beautifully with iphoto . the iphoto books i have created are beautiful . and , especially if you are interested in working with large picture files , you have to go with a powerbook over an ibook .
i got my powerbook just last week and i thought i had to upgrade with mac . com from os 10 . 3 to 10 . 4 . but surprisingly , it came with 10 . 4 tiger in the machine already . the only thing makes me nervous is the battery gets really hot after awhile . it actually burns my laps . i did check with the serial_numbers on mac . com to see if mine is one of those defected batteries , but it is not . am wonder if any users out there are experiencing the same 'heat' issue ?
this is one of the best notebook pc 's on the market . this has a 1 . 67ghz powerpc_g4 processor which is n't too fast but it 's pretty_fast for the apple_computers . 512 mb ram is just perfect but i would recommend 1gb or 2gb . 80 gigabyte hard_drive is really nice and it 's almost the largest hard_drive ( 100gb is the largest ) . it has a superdrive which can do whatever you want it to do . the styling on this notebook is no wonderful and comes with all the ports and features . 15 . 2 " is pure beauty and the graphics on this thing are great . here are the specifications of this laptop . processor powerpc g4screen size ( inches diagonal ) 15optical disc_drive dvd rw cdrw combohard drive ( gb ) 80memory processing ram included 512mbmemory processing ram maximum 2gbmemory video ram 64mb dedicatedscreen resolution maximum 1280x854wireless capability built inconnection wireless network 802 . 11 802 . 11b 802 . 11gconnection wireless bluetooth yesconnection sound in outconnection rj11 yesconnection rj45 yesconnection video outoperating system apple_macintosh os xsoftware pre_installed by manufacturerunit dimensions high 1unit dimensions long wide 14unit dimensions deep 10unit weight approximate with battery 6 . 0manufacturer 's warranty hardware 1 yearmanufacturer 's warranty software 1 yearsource ...
beautiful looking machine built in china is fatally flawed . the front and side edges of the machine are very sharp . even sharper than the paint chipped edges of my 550 tibook . the front edge will cut into your wrists . typing with the machine on your lap is painful . anytime your elbows are below your hands the edges will be there digging into the same spots on your wrists . eventually your hands will loose circulation . prior apple powerbook designers understood that sharp_edges are bad . the screen frame perimeters were concave to fit with convex typing surface edges . not so on recent models . this one is the worst ever for wrist pain . will make you yearn for the smooth curves of the original " toilet_seat " ibook or wallstreet . the cool new two finger track pad scroll trick does n't work with os9 applications running under classic . this machine is sold with classic os9 , it must be installed from the included dvd . you can use your old software , saving money , and saving time learning new software . osx safari browser does not properly recogonize downloaded file 's extensions . it is incapable of assigning creator and type settings based on extension . this is a minor_annoyance , effectively eliminating user ability to double_click downloaded data file for program launch . files must be opened from applicaitons' file menus . this powerbook has feature that automatically sets screen_brightness according to ambient room lighting . sounds good but it is poorly implemented . the screen will constantly flicker , adjusting brightness with every hand movement ( typing ) over the keyboard . apparently the programmers were n't bright enough to average ambient light levels over time instead of using instantaneous readings . i immediately disabled this " feature " . the machine spins the " rattle trap " optical_drive every time it wakes_from_sleep . this flaw has been in the apple os since the introduction of optical_drives . why the machine ca n't remember if there is disk in the drive during sleep is beyond me . it happens even if there is no disk in the drive ! short of removing the dvd drive there is no way to turn off this annoying " feature " ( bug ) . the keyboard is n't as nice as the keyboards found on previous powerbooks . the keys require more pressure , provide less tactile_feedback , and little audible feedback . osx uses grayscaled anti alias rendered fonts everywhere . fonts are now harder to read than ever before , 8 and 9 point fonts look terrible . this makes the screen appear fuzzy . i 've looked but have n't figured out how to disable this annoying flaw . if you want a macintosh laptop this is the one to get . just do n't expect it to be perfect or even confortable for typing ....
this is an awesome laptop . my most satisfying mac purchase to date . pros brilliant 15 " widescreen display . striking hardware_design , aluminum casing . mac_os x , the most elegant and stable consumer operating system i 've_experienced . compared to several windows laptops i 've seen , the powerbook seems more rugged , less flimsy , higher_quality components ( inside and out ) . up to 2gb_of_ram possible . auto screen dimming , backlit_keyboard . zero configuration to connect to any wired or wireless network . top notch apple service and support , i highly_recommend purchasing applecare . size and weight , compact and lightweight . cons battery could be better . a friend of mine just bought an inspiron 6000 . while the 6000 seems cheapish , the battery lasts twice as long as my powerbook battery . i really ca n't think of any others , you 'll love this laptop !
this thing has a cardbus ii type slot , which works with a 24 96 bit iris audio card for recording premium quality live recordings . the machine has built in bluetooth , so do yourself a favor and get an apple bluetooth mouse and keyboard for a very slick way to work . you 'll want to elevate the powerbook to get the best viewing height for ergonomic comfort and your overall working health . i had a custom stand built , but you can buy stands online . there is really nothing bad about this computer . yes it gets warm , but i 'll never use a computer on my lap anyway . very beautiful_design , built solid , great ports and plug_ins for everything you want to do . osx_10 . 4.8 ( right now ) is the ultimate os out there for graphics and creative uses . if you 're an artist , musician , creator of video 's get this machine . if you are also rich , go the next level and get the same model known as the macbook pro , for a bump up in speed . i like this one . it fits my life , it fits my budget and , it 's going to be my computer for years to come . thanks apple , ken
i have had this system for 8 months now and i only have a few minor_complaints . it is hard to get the dvd drive to stop reading a scratched disc ( cd or dvd ) . while importing my itunes library i had some old cds that had a few scratches . the comp would lock up . apple needs to develop some sort of time out or somthing . oh yeah and these cds worked_fine in my work comp ( dell ) . so i would burn a copy and use the newly recorded cd in the mac . minor headache . other than that this is one kickbutt machine ! do n't buy this machine if you are planning on using it for gaming . i tried to play call of duty 2 and it is too choppy . only have 512 mb memory .
why wait ? there have been problems reported with the new trackpad and noise from the 100 gb drive ( which is an optional upgrade ) . the trackpad is a departure from previous_models and likely needs some time to shake out on the manufacturing side . okay , those two issues aside , this is the laptop to own . let me explain . ( 1 ) the screen is unparalled in brightness and clarity . apple pioneered the " widescreen " laptop , and its displays have only improved over the years . the 15 . 2 " size is perfect for tasks that the 12 " screen is too cramped to handle , and as to which the 17 " is great , but adds to much weight and unwieldiness . ( it looks like they may still be having problems with the latch design on the 17 " it just is n't an ideal_solution for a laptop of this size . but i digress ... ) ( 2 ) the speed of the system is remarkable noticeable even over the 1.5 ghz from last year 's top of the line model . whips through everything , even garageband 2 ... which is amazing processor and memory hog . ( please , apple , fix that ... ) ( 3 ) the illuminated keyboard ( triggered by light sensors that react to the ambient light levels in the room ) now is bright enough to be very practical . last year 's model 's with illuminated keyboards were pretty dim and not entirely useful . by the way , this year they 've included the illuminated keyboard in both 15 . 2 " models the superdrive and combo_drive models . last year , it only appeared in the superdrive model ) . ( 4 ) fit_and_finish . unparalled no other laptop even comes close . apple has the attention to detail of mercedes and bmw . ( 5 ) size . just an inch thick , and weighs in at a bit over five pounds . very portable , with lots of custom cases out there in the marketplace . ( 6 ) new technology to protect the hard_drive in the event gasp ! it falls . it 's some patented gyroscopic doohickey , and i 'm glad it 's there ! i ca n't recommend this highly enough .
i have powerbook g4 , purchased nov 04 , mac_osx 10 . 3 . 8 , 1.5 ghz , upgraded ram to 768mb . if you 're new to computing , or use mac for non business applications ( heavy on graphics and creative work ) it 's probably a good choice . if you use outlook ( not express ) heavily , or use powerpoint , excel , and word a lot and like xp , then the mac is a snoozer . reasons not to buy 1 you pay a lot to get it to do the things a pc with updated microsoft office professional suite already does , and it never is quite as good ... mac powerpoint feels pokier ( saving , just in keeping up with my typing ) , mac excel toolbar gets on top of in the way of my worksheets ( have n't figured out how to make it go to the back ) , outlook just is n't replicated at all on the mac ( unless you get virtual_pc ) ... entourage just lacks the functionality2 does n't seem to handle the wep password protocol on my linksys wireless home_network ... even the folks at the apple store said i would n't be able to get the dhcp security to work with my pc based home network3 filevault .... oooh , what a liability . much touted file encryption will scramble and destroy files that are open if the mac also goes into the wo n't wake up again sleep mode problem that it has . though i never diagnosed this completely , i lost a number of key working files that may have been open when the mac went into sleep mode ( read crashed ) while i had filevault going . i lost saved versions , and they 're completely unrecoverable . later the guys in the apple store said they never use filevault ... it 's " scary " , they said . 4 certain applications , like visual_basic , are n't available for the mac yet . 5 switching cost is high ... getting contacts and files migrated over to the powerbook took me a long time , and some of it is never the same . the contacts from outlook to entourage are n't organized the same ( due to the fact that entourage contacts are n't as full featured , lack some key fields ) , and the pc directories are only useful as read only ... i ca n't edit files in my pc folders and save them back into those folders ( must have been some drive formatting issue that carried over ) ripple effect of switching means you have to buy a lot of stuff new ( back up drives , antivirus_software , disk_management software , backup ac cables , if you travel , etc . ) 6 if you like xp , the mac is not intuitive . what used to be left is now right , what 's top is now bottom . i keep my mouse to the right of the screen ( out of the way of typing ) ... but now important buttons like close minimize are on the left , increasing mouse travel time . pc 's usually have a disk_drive light that lets you know the pc is working on something that involves the drive . i liked that ... very intuitive way to let me know the pc is busy . no such light on the mac . 7 you may have problems listening to sirius_radio on safari i needed to use internet explorer ( hah ! much touted mac browser useless for audio ? ) , and even then ca n't get fully_functional display due to some mac technicality , according to sirius techs . reasons to buy 1 largely virus free because virus writers get more leverage attacking pc 's ( more market_penetration and more business focused ) this is a blessing because i found norton av '04 to be dysfunctional , glad not to have to deal with it anymore . 2 supposedly faster processing due to more streamlined operating system , though i do n't find the mac to be any more responsive than even a lower priced pc3 faster boot up and shutdown . 4 fewer crashes true , though not infallible either mac 's version of the pc blue screen is that some wo n't wake up after going to sleep5 cool keyboard , backlit in the dark very romantic and pretty . rating of 3 stars indicates sameness ... it 's as good as a pc , just different . i would n't recommend it for someone who 's switching from xp expecting something superior .
this is a great laptop all around . great screen , very lightweight , slim in size and with the most stable os out there . i 'm a previous pc owner ( toshiba satellite pro ) and the peace of mind that apple_computers bring you is unparalleled , i do n't even have an antivirus and no problem so far . the only , and i mean the only , negative thing about this powerbook is that it gets incredibly hot , if you like working with the computer in your lap this is very bad .
i have been using pc 's for many years . never an enthusiast with pc 's and the matience they always seem to require . i have always found that with a pc unless you spend the big_bucks you are going to suffer in the long run . this computer is wonderful . it can run several applications without slow down and feels more and more at home to me . i choose an apple for it 's speciality programs but also for it 's superb osx operating system . the commercials are true . this computer is relatively free of problems and seems to make life easier . when i try my desktop and find myself waiting five minutes just to get online i become frustrated . simple_tasks take forever on a good pc that is a few years old . although it has been a problem since the beginning . with seemingly several programs that start at the same time the computer does it becomes a real problem . i do n't have to worry about that with this macbook . i choose what program i want to start and it starts . i have seen the light and there is an apple at the end .
perhaps it 's premature to rate a product after only a weekend of using it , but so far my 2 . 33 ghz_core_2_duo macbook pro shines . i bought this laptop to replace my old windows_xp desktop . the first thing i did when i got this laptop is re installed os x . this may sound like a strange thing to do to a new machine , but the macbook pro comes with a lot of pre_installed languages , printer drivers , and trial applications that do nothing but waste space . my disk had about 19 gb of stuff on it out of the box after the clean_install i had that down to 4 gb . a few gb saved does n't matter much in a desktop , but when you are limited to 120gb , every little bit matters . despite the hype i 'm not a big fan of os x , so i 'm primarily running_windows_xp using apple 's boot_camp product , which allows just that . ( i may not like os x much , but apple 's hardware is first_rate , which is why i bought an apple laptop to run_windows . ) i had no trouble setting up a 100gb partition for windows and installing the xp operating system was just like any other pc . the boot_camp 1.1.2 drivers seem to work , though there are a few glitches you can read about on apple site . it 's beta software after all , so there are bound to be growing_pains , though there are n't any show stoppers . all the important stuff works with xp under boot_camp wireless , bluetooth , audio , and above all the display drivers ( my need for 3d acceleration is why i went with boot_camp over parallels ) . even firewire 800 operates at full speed under xp , at least with external_hard_drives , which i was n't_expecting because xp has some known issues with fw800 . apple seems to have taken care of everything , and i look forward to the final version . there are still a few minor_things missing , like the back lit_keyboard , which works under os x but not yet under xp . anyway , so far this is a gorgeous laptop for os x or windows_xp .
at first , my dad got me an acer laptop , which crashed within a month of my getting it . my mom , being the practical one , decided that i needed a mac . they went to compusa and got a full refund for that worthless hunk of plastic . when they came home , they said that it turned out i could n't have a laptop , then they grinned broadly and uncovered a macbook pro . i was delighted . i sat down and turned it on . from the moment i saw the welcome screen , i knew i had a winner on my lap . that was in 2006 . it 's now 2007 and my macbook pro is still the best computer in the family . the only change is some additional_software and a ram upgrade to 2 gb . i love my mac . i use it every day and whenever i show my projects to windows users , they freak_out , saying how i must have spent months reading books about how to do that stuff . i tell them that it was easy at least with a mac . whenever i use a school computer , which has windows_xp , i ca n't believe how incredibly stupid the designers must have been . there 's all sorts of programs that came with my macbook pro that the school at brags about having bought for the windows_xp computers . furthermore , those programs that came free with my macbook pro are much better than those that had to be added onto windows_xp and costed scores of dollars each . i think that if you 're a frustrated windows user , but you think you ca n't get a mac because of incompatibilities , you need to get a mac . trust me i do all my schoolwork on my mac and it comes out looking gorgeous . if i need to transfer it to a school computer , i just click the export button . for instance , i did a report on pages . after i was done , i clicked file export pdf continue ... then i chose where to save my pdf , i waited 10 seconds , i saved it to my usb memory device , i plugged it into a school computer , and voila ! also , i love making presentations in keynote . after i finish , i export the presentation in powerpoint format . finally , the dvds you can make with idvd are , to be blundt , absolutely_gorgeous . i did a documentary for school in imovie hd , i set up a main menu with idvd with play documentary as the button you select to play my documentary , and i burned it to a dvd . when i presented it to the class , everyone gasped when they saw how professional my dvd looked . i even had credits at the end of the documentary , just like the hollywood movies . i got an a , of course . here some facts about the programs that come with any mac_address book you can import and export contacts from most email clients very handy . also , it is fully synced with mail so you only type a few letters of someone 's name and then enter to make them a recipient . automater if you 're doing the same thing over and over again , stop that right now . take 30 seconds , give or take , to tell automater to do it . wait another 30 seconds and the whole thing is done . it 's like having your own little robot inside your computer . chess play chess with either the computer or a friend on the other side of the world . mac has had this for two years now and windows_vista , which just came out , is claiming to not have copied this feature . right . i 've used both oss and vista 's chess is almost identical to mac 's . hmmm ... comic life a doodler 's dream . you can make your own comics and then print them out . very professional looking and easy . dashboard the definition of convenience . read news , control itunes , play hangman , squeeze a whoopie cusion ( my personal favorite ) , check the time , calculate a number , type on a virtual post_it_note , translate something into another language ( very useful for me since i live in japan and i do n't_speak japanese ) , look up the definition of a word , etc . also , in mac_os xmac os x v10 . 5 leopard , the next release of os x , you can make your own dashboard widgets this will be similar to making your own gadget on your igoogle pagegarageband record your own music , edit it , group it into tracks , put it on itunes for all users to download , make your own cds , etc . ical solution to a busy person 's dream . automatically color codes your appointments based on what category they fall into and shows events as a visual block of time , bigger for longer events , smaller for shorter events . syncs with your ipod so you can check your calender , for instance , in starbucks when a colleague asks what time would be best for a meeting . you can subscribe to people 's calendars online so their events automatically appear in ical . includes a to do list , sorted by priority . ichat social person 's dream . text chat with anyone , and you hear a little noise when they say something so you can work while waiting for a response . audio chat with anyone and you can talk like you 're on the speakerphone . best of all , video chat with anyone , go into full screen mode , and you feel like you 're sitting at a very reflective table , talking to all of them . coming in leopard present keynote presentations and other documents to people via ichat . they also see a little icon of you , narrating the presentation . also , you can add a backdrop so it looks like you 're , well , anywhere you want to be . finally , you 'll be able to use those photo_booth special_effects on yourself while video conferencing . idvd is it hollywood or is it not ? that difference will be very tiny when you make a dvd with idvd . you can choose what music to play in the main menu by simply dragging the song name from the media browser onto the menu . also you can select whether to have a widescreen or standard orientation for your dvd . finally , you 'll be able to navigate the dvd 's menus just like in store bought hollywood dvds with your dvd remote . all functions of a regular dvd movie are included with idvds . they work with any dvd player . imovie hd again , is it hollywood or is it not ? you can add high quality special_effects to your movies and you can even use your built_in_isight camera to record yourself . you can also adjust volume_levels for music or narrations to play at . add transitions between pictures and videos . insert the perfect song . narrate the whole thing to make a documentary . et cetera . the bottom line is that you 'll be able to show friends a hollywood movie and your movie and they wo n't be able to tell the difference . iphoto a reminicer 's wildest dream . use professional tools to make your photos look simply beautiful . after you 've done that , make a photo album . design your own greeting_card . make a calendar for your kitchen . prepare a slideshow to show on your television , via the appple tv . once you 've done that , click buy . your creation gets shipped to your front door ( or someone elses , if you want ) and it has been printed on top quality photo paper with the best ink availible . as simple as 1 2 3 . isync you can syncronize your contacts and calendar with your bluetooth enabled cell phone . very convenient . itunes easily find and download millions of songs , albums , movies , tv shows , news report podcasts , etc . also import music from cds and manage your ipod . iweb your one stop_shop for making gorgeous web_sites . for example , a web_site i spent a few hours on looks ten times better than the one our school at has been working on for years for our school , using windows . mail leaves outlook in the dust . automatically sorts your mail into different folders and lets you instantly search your entire mail history . photo_booth take pictures of yourself using one of sixteen special_effects and then either email them , set them as your ichat icon , or import them into iphoto for editing and other things . sherlock just like its namesake , it 's a one stop_shop to find anything on anything , including on your computer , a network , the internet , or anywhere else you need to . stickies post it notes you can leave anywhere on your screen . variety of uses . activity monitor the apple version of the windows task_manager , although this can show you the current status of every hardware component of your computer , including current ram usage and hard_drive usage . grapher wonderful tool for algebra students . type in an equation , exactly as it appears , and it graphs it for you . save the graph as an image , find the coordinates of any point on the graph , etc . also , you can type in data sets . finally , you can choose from five different appearences for your graph . printer setup utility hub for every printing device connected to your mac , its current jobs , its ink levels , its specifications , etc . voiceover utility reads whatever text you want it to . choose from a couple dozen different voices for your mac to read in . when i saw the price for this laptop , i told myself that no one would buy it because it 's too expensive . after an entire year of flawless performance and wonderful results , i reversed my opinion . this mac was worth every penny , and you 'll agree , too , once you push the on button .
i am a longtime mac owner who has used windows for years at work . since december i 've been using a thinkpad r52 for my consulting gig . the r52 is a beast of a laptop and mine has 2gb_of_ram , yet apps were always hanging and crashing for no apparent reason . i continually felt like i was trying to run in a vat of molasses . last week i finally hit my limit and decided to replace my imac g5 with a mac laptop that i 'd use for both personal stuff and work . yes , this meant that i would be spending my own money on a work laptop when i could use a windows_pc for free , but i no longer cared . when i received the machine , i started putting it through its paces and was somewhat nonplussed . i was used to the 20 " imac with its huge screen , and the high resolution and relatively large_screen size of the r52 . the display felt somewhat limiting . however , the more i used it , the more i noticed how darned fast it is and how quickly i was getting things done in os x and universal apps ( save for the mac version of lotus notes , which is a dog even on this machine ) . now i do n't even miss the real_estate at the bottom of the screen . in short and i know this sounds goofy the more i use it , the more giddy i get . not only is it faster and more reliable than the computer i was using , it is also considerably lighter . for someone who travels more than 75 of the time , that is a huge deal . this computer has already exceeded my expectations and there is much more that i plan to do with it . macbook pro , 1999 . sanity priceless ! 5 15 07 update the shoulder_strap on my laptop bag came loose today while i was pulling my laptop off the floor of my car . it landed on the ground with a sickening " thud , " and sure enough , when i took my laptop out of the bag , there was a big dent in one corner . the frame near the charging_port is bent , and the case wo n't shut properly . it only fell a couple of feet , and no way should there be this much damage from one little mishap . i 'm really sad that i 'm stuck with this damaged case until my next upgrade . i ca n't_imagine how this case would hold up to constant travel either . i have to lower my review to three stars .
i love this computer . i 've used pcs for years and decided to switch to the mac because of the graphic and display capabilities . the macbook pro is a very elegant machine . i loaded microsoft_windows_xp on the machine using boot_camp , and comparing the process of installation and set for the two systems mac_osx and windows , the mac system blows windows out of the water . this is a wonderful computer and if you are considering switching to the mac from a pc , do it . i did a lot of research and yes i did encounter some glitches in installation process and linking all my existing hardware to the mac , but in the end , i always found what i needed online via the numerous forums online .
i bought this machine over three years_ago , and it has really served me well . the internal_components have been perfectly reliable . i have had to replace the power_brick after the cord stripped itself and shorted out over time , but the rest of the machine has been rock solid . though it is n't as shiny as it used to be , it still fulfills my needs quite nicely and i hope to be able to squeeze at least another year or two of use out of it before upgrading to a newer model . i highly_recommend this model in particular and the macbook_pro line in general . they 're well made , powerful machines .
well , i converted to a mac . the past couple dells and the sony vaio had served us well , but microsoft was seriously bogging us down with security updates and the like and i needed a fresh approach to my computer life . if you have comcast service , the setup is not the best . comcast has some quirky setup issues . my belkin wireless_router actually had a help item on how to set up with comcast . the power of advertising does work . what you see in the apple commercials is what i felt like between the pc and mac comparisons . the bloated pc that was me . the cart full of pc errors that was me . the easy going mac that is me now .
as others have said this is an excellent machine and i have had no problems with it so i am going to skip the obvious and get to the point . as a photographer i decided that i would purchase the matte_screen . the matte_screen has a better viewing_angle which is very imporant when evaluating exposure and color adjustments . my wife has a standard macbook which comes with the glossy_screen . side by side the same image does appear more vivid on the macbook however , if you are not looking at the screen from the ideal position the brightness and contrast fall off remarkably . another thing i find annoying when working with the glossy_screen are reflections . most of the time i do n't notice them but when i am evaluating the detail in a photo the subtle reflections from lights or other things catch my eye every time . as a parting note , if you still ca n't decide between the two screen types you can always pick one and find an external_display with the opposite coating to have the best of both worlds .
great laptop , but after 3 years , i accidentally splashed tea on the keyboard and the keyboard stopped_working . the newer macbook pros are much more rigid
i used a mac a few years_ago ( powerbook 3400 ) , but i 've mostly used pcs , crawling along with the various flavors of windows . i decided it was time to upgrade , and decided to switch to a mac . this 17 " macbook_pro is such a refreshing change ... both on the software and hardware fronts . the hardware is nicely_designed . screen is nice sharp , the aluminum chassis is quite striking , and the whole design is just classy clean . it has some nice apple touches , such as the mag_safe power_plug ( which works very well ) , display latches that hide away when the screen is open , and a keyboard that glows when the ambient light is low . performance_wise , this laptop is quite peppy with everything i 've thrown at it so far . software wise , i really like os x . everything just works and works quickly and smoothly . in contrast , i still have a pc desktop ( both at home at work ) , and i just get tired at how slowly things can run at times , and the error_messages that pop up regularly . even so , i just finished installing_windows xp mce using apple 's boot_camp , mostly just because i 'm a big flight_simulator fan . it runs really well on this macbook , even at the highest levels of detail , no doubt due to the robust cpu , large amount of memory , and powerful graphics_processor . all the built in applications that apple includes ( ilife '06 ) are really nice , i 'm still just scratching the surface on all they have to offer . you 'll be hard pressed to find a better laptop package pc or mac .
this notebook is extremely great . this is the first mac i have owned , but have been using them for quite some time since i 'm a graphic_design student . this notebook clearly shines even over the powermac g5 's in my university 's labs . with 2gb_ram , a 2 . 33ghz processor and a 120gb hard_drive , i 'm well set for quite a few years to come . anyways , onto the review . screen the screen is great ! nice and bright and i love having the widescreen with 1440x900 resolution . i can really fit alot of things on the screen nicely . also , with the dvi port on the side of the laptop , i could connect my 19 " dell ultrasharp monitor , and now i have dual screens . you simply plug in the included dvi to vga adaptor and configure settings for each monitor . from here , you can drag things right off the macbook_pro 's screen right over to your 2nd monitor . i 've seen alot of bad_reviews for the included adaptor ... however mine works_perfectly fine and have never had a problem . users with problems may have a cruddy monitor or are just doing something wrong . speed this notebook is quick . i 've seen alot of horrid reviews when using software such as photoshop , illustrator , flash , etc . i use all of the adobe software constantly , and i have n't had many problems that ca n't be solved with simply saving more often . every once in awhile photoshop or illustrator might crash depending on what i 'm doing ... but it is rare . once cs3 comes out , there wo n't be any problems what so ever . every day i work having photoshop , illustrator , flash , itunes , safari and ichat opened , and it hardly ever makes the computer struggle to support all of this load . my last computer was a sony viao with 1gb_ram and a 2 . 8ghz processor . it would have never been able to handle this high of a workload , but the macbook pro succeeds . appearance this thing is slick . the nice aluminum case looks very sophisticated and is constructed very smoothly . i purchased a speck clear plastic clip on case to prevent scratching to the aluminum since once its scratched , theres no fixing it . anyways , the keyboard is very nice , the keys_feel excellent when typing . i really like having the 2 finger support of the touch_pad when i do n't have a mouse handy . the backlit_keyboard is also very nice for working in the dark or with low_lighting . you simply choose how bright dim you want the keys to be with f9 and f10 . the super_drive located in the front of the notebook is more convenient than slide out units on the side . also , having the apple remote to activate front row with the sensor on the front of the laptop is great .... simply sit on the couch with the remote and you can go through your itunes music , movies , dvds , etc . the speakers in the notebook sound very impressive for most notebooks . very clear , crisp sounds . complaints one complaint i have is the heat . this thing does get pretty toasty sometimes under heavy workloads causing the fans to kick in . however , i downloaded smc fancontrol and set the fans to 3500rpm , so the fans consistently keep the cpu cool ... around 116 degrees fahrenheit . without this , fans will jump up to around 6000rpm when the cpu reaches 125 degrees fahrenheit . another gripe i have is that sometimes when in sleep mode , the computer does n't know what to do . its rare , but it still happens . when i try to wake up the computer , it takes a few tries till it will bring up the window to let me log back in . sometimes it 'll even shut off or restart when in sleep . very odd . once again , save save save your work . overall i 'm very happy with this purchase ... but then again for 2500 . 00 i 'd better be . i ordered directly from apple to take advantage of the 200 college discount .
i strayed from the path for a number of years and suffered the windows consequences . what can i say ? i wanted to be compatible . this computer brought me back into the fold . with it and the underlying intel processor , you can be compatible when you need to be , which these days is n't often . the web has brought us all together . this computer is fast , quiet , has a great display and lots of extras that only apple delivers , like the magnetic power_cord that prevents you from pulling your computer off your desk , table , or tray_table . the dvi connector that allows you to use your flat_panel monitor at full resolution as an extension of the built in display . a backlit_keyboard that helps you see the keys in dim light . a built in camera that let 's you take pictures of yourself for web_sites , passports , etc . the ability to create pdfs from almost any file without buying acrobat pro . built in address_book , email , calendar , web_site builder , music simulator , movie editor , etc . and more that i 've forgotten . in fairness , i did have a problem with this computer bad memory that caused me to take it for an overnight stay at my local mac shop . since then , it 's performed_flawlessly . why get the pro instead of the macbook ? bigger display , accepts more memory , metal case , magnetic power_cord . this is the best computer i 've ever had and i suspect it will be that for you , too . once you join the mac crowd , you 'll wonder why you suffered for so long ...
the macbook pro 17 core_2 duo is a nice little machine . were it a pc , i 'd give it five stars on most every count . unfortuantely , i 'm coming from a powerbook 17 which was a perfect machine , speed aside , and so i hold it to this standard . firstly , the display is not as nice as the powerbook 's . the brightness is not at all uniform between the center and edges of the screen . it looks very much like a mid_range conventional pc notebook in this regard . secondly , when running cpu_intensive_tasks , the machine is far louder than the powerbook . the fan gets to sound about like a pc desktop , but higher pitched . the powerbook 17 was probably about half as loud at full speed . it 's definitely enough that you do n't want it in the same room if you 're doing any kind of recording work . next , the boot and hibernation times are longer than the powerbook . i know i 've seen videos showing the macbook pro starting up more quickly than the powerbook , however with the same software installed on both there 's a definite longer period . it 's just enough that i find i do n't casually flip it shut anymore . lastly , while your results may vary , mine died within three weeks and is now out for service . the airport became increasingly less responsive at first , and then the whole machine started locking hard at irregular intervals not a spinning beachball , but a full hard lock where everything freezes and a power cycle is needed . it continued doing this even during a software reinstall , and apple tells me that it will take about two weeks for me to get it fixed or replaced . in retrospect , i wish i 'd waited to see that this iteration was solid before buying . all this aside , the machine does pack a bigger punch than the powerbook 17 when working . applications are considerably smoother , games run well , and i end up doing some tasks twice because they complete so quickly that i think i messed up a command or menu option ! the huge hard_drive is great for so small a machine , and it turns heads in public every bit as much as the beautiful powerbook 17 did . further , being able to run_windows apps via parallels ( and soon vmware ! ) is useful on occasion , though it 's funny how little one has to do that these days .
i 've_owned 11 macs over the last 7 years , most of which i bought for family members . 4 of them have been my primary computers . during this time i 've also used several windows based pcs , as i work in a windows only business . it is great to have a mac that also does the work stuff . i have n't yet been able to find anything i do n't like about this notebook , which is something i cannot say for any other computer i 've ever owned ( mac included ) . here are the biggest pluses i can think of at the moment beautiful 17 " widescreen with a resolution that is perfect for the size leopard os is simply beautiful and the easiest os to use in the universe plenty of hard_drive space plenty of ram fast_processor , good video_card 802 . 11a b g n huge trackpad ( great for photo_editing or network engineering layouts ) backlit_keyboard makes typing in the dark a pleasure less than one inch thin isight built in is perfect for my travels ... i can always see my wife and son ( my wife has a mbp 15 " ) office 2008 is every bit as good as office_2007 for windows spotlight , spotlight , spotlight ! if you do n't know what this is , google it ! ) expose iwork 08 is nearly a replacement for office 2008 scrolling built in to trackpadthat 's about it for now . i hope this has been helpful . this is the most perfect notebook i 've used to date .
as a dedicated pc user who 's bought a lot of top end , windows based desktops_and_laptops over the years i recently_bought a fully spec 'd 17 " macbook_pro ( 3 megabyte ram ) to see what the fuss was about . so what happened ? well , right from that first start up you 're into the mac 's " it 's so easy " world and , once you 've installed all those pretty clever widgets , got over the " it looks a bit too funky for me " reaction to the , actually , extremely useful docking_bar , realised that installation of your applications is as simple as they claim , eventually , after much searching on the internet , found someone kind enough to explain how you emulate the macbook_pro 's one ridiculous weakness the missing " delete " key ( you hold down the " fn " " backspace " keys at the same time ) and had a week of installing huge amounts of programs , coupled with a lot of messing about , without a single " crash " or " freeze " and with no obvious delays to the impressively quick_start up sequence , you 're where you hoped you 'd be ... which is , from bitter experience , a pretty unusual experience with a new windows_pc . but , once over the " i think i 've fallen in love " phase , it 's time for a more sensible evaluation of how the things work on a day to day basis for a windows user . first off , the big disappointments ... those staple programs of your pc either do n't look too great on the mac ( word_excel ) , are difficult to emulate in mac dedicated software ( outlook in particular ) , do n't work on it at all ( ms publisher , autoroute and the wonderful digiguide ) , or , in the case of adobe_photoshop indesign , run noticeably slower ... is n't the mac supposed to be the best thing out there for imaging dtp ? sure , the imminent new releases of both adobe programs are supposed to rectify this problem but hey , we 're on a top end machine here with the current versions of two of the mac 's " signature " programs . and the good news ? well , apple 's " pages " is an incompatible but wonderfully powerful alternative to publisher you wo n't want to go back the mac 's utilities ( hidden in the applications folder ) are simple to use and brilliantly effective , the installation of a wireless network using airport extreme express units is remarkably straightforward , that is once you 've figured out that you use the mac ( not any of the pc 's connected to the network ) as the machine on which the configuration settings are made , and the whole " feel " of the osx environment inspires confidence , making you want to keep exploring new mac applications . but that 's only the start of it ... because what makes this machine so stunningly impressive for any windows user is what it does once you install and correctly configure " parallels " , the mac 's recently released " killer " application that lets you run_windows as though it 's just another mac application . quite simply , it converts this macbook into the fastest , highest resolution windows laptop i 've ever used . set the screen_resolution in the windows " window " to 1538 x 921 pixels , make sure that the parallels tools are installed correctly , select " full screen " mode and there it is ... quite amazing ... looks better than the any laptop you 've ever seen ( better than the macbook pro in mac mode itself ) , works like a pc , lets you seamlessly transfer_files between the mac window and the pc window , and transforms your windows versions of word , excel , publisher and even photoshop into the most beautiful experiences . and , when you get bored with your windows programs you 're only a keystroke away from watching the screen flip round to reveal your mac . mac " geeks " may continue to argue that osx is better than windows but the truth is that apple have produced the perfect_solution ... a laptop that runs osx at its highest levels and windows at a_level that 's as good as and possibly better than any dedicated pc laptop out there . incredible .
i recently switched to mac and have not looked back . granted you do need some time and effort to learn apple if you are a pc user . but that effort will be rewarded with the time that you save in the future . the mac starts really fast ( the time of loading up will be an unpleasant memory , it ( almost ) never freezes or brakes down and it is actually fun to use . for example , iphoto is on of the best functions if you deal with digital_photography . the design of this notebook is stunning . even more stunning is its perfomance . the best aspect is its battery that can actually give you over three hours of operation . of course it depens how many programs you run at the same time but there is no comparison with a pc . only drawback is that not all pc programs run on it . the choice , though of apple programs wo n't leave you disappointed .
if you are in any artistic field , you should get this machine . i am running_windows_xp and os x , and it 's working_perfectly . so some of you need to use programs that need to be run on mac and pc , this machine is the best for you . i had to upgrade ram upto 2 gb to make more smoothly , but it was cheap because i upgraded myself . it 's really easy . there 's easy instruction in the owner 's mannuel , and you can search on web with instruction on video clip .
i upgraded to this macbook pro after using the 15 " powerbook for three years all i can say is that this machine is simply_amazing . the speed is topnotch , the screen clear and bright , the battery_life good . it comes with all the bells_and_whistles ( incuding ilife pre_installed ) . the keyboard is easy to use , and the light sensor works like a charm in low_light . works right out of the box just open and start using . note that you will need to get either iworks or ms_office for mac to have word_processing and spread sheet capabilities . also invest in a good protective case for your 2500 dollar investment . note that like previous apple notebooks , it does not fully support 3d graphics even when running under boot_camp and running_windows . but , personally , shame on anyone who ruins their mac experience by relying on any windows software on their system . but for those that need to run_windows as well as os x , the ease of using it under this system is a dream . while on the topic of windows you will need to pay for a program_called parallel desktop in order to run_windows under mac otherwise you need to reboot to get back into os x or reboot to bet back into boot_camp . parallels works like a charm though . one final_note if you use a ms_windows mobile 5.0 smartphone or pda phone , you will still need to purchase missing sync separately in order to sync your phone as mac still supports only palm interfaces .
i 've been a computer user programmer for nearly 30 years , using a variety of hardware , but mostly mac for the past 20 years . the company i owned until recently ran both macs and pcs . i just purchased the 2 . 33 ghz macbook pro , and i could n't be happier . the hardware is spectacular and , of course , os x is rock solid and intuitive head and shoulders ahead of any other os on the market . plus , the ilife software is a joy to use . everything just works and works together . if you 're in the market for the best notebook computer in the world today , look no further than this baby !
a positively gorgeous laptop with all kinds of features built in that cost extra with pc 's and are no means anywhere as cool . miss some of your pc stuff ? office for mac runs seamlessly back and forth to and from pc 's with your documents and if you must , parallels desktop lets you run a piece of the huge hard_drive in windows . this is good because it keeps windows segregated from messing with your mac and you can play your favorite game ( mine is solsuite ) or application from your pc that you just ca n't give up . starts fast , runs faster and does everything you ask . what are you waiting for ?
this is a very in depth review , so if you want to get to the point i suggest skipping to the last paragraph . i might not have much to say that has n't already been said several times over , but i wanted to give my take on this laptop as it 's can be a difficult choice to make and perhaps i can be of some help . when the air was released i thought it was the height of frivolity for apple , but i 've since come to understand it better . i spent eight days getting to know it in the standard 1 . 8ghz 64gb_ssd configuration and i 'm still wavering on whether or not i want to keep it . i 'm writing this review on a macbook pro that has been configured to be almost the exact opposite of what you 'd get with the air . when i bought the air i wanted to see if i could handle such immense limitations , being so used to the freedom of maxed out laptops and desktops . as i 'm writing this , the answer is " kind of . " the macbook air , in my opinion , is ridiculously expensive . it 's also ridiculously cool , especially when it 's closed . in fact , every time i found something i did n't like and soon closed it to let it sleep , i had difficulty hating the thing because it 's just so cool when it collapses to be a thin sheet of metal . every little nuance of the outer design is elegant and perfect visually , that is . there are a some hardware flaws that may or may not upset the user , and one that , in my opinion , throws the machine 's worth into question . let 's deal with that first . as someone who thought he used several usb devices , i found that i really do not . i might use two at a time , namely when importing footage from a video_camera into the computer and saving it to an external_hard_drive . an important thing to note is that while the air is certainly not made for video_editing , it manages nonetheless . it can be done and it 's not as horrible as one would imagine . having one usb port also works just fine in pretty much every other case . i did get a tiny hub to use with the air , but as it 's tiny it 's not a nuisance to carry and generally does n't get carried around anyhow . if i 'm editing , i 'll usually edit at a home ( not mine , as i 'd use a desktop machine at home ) . although it can get by , i would never recommend the air as a video_editing machine . this probably goes without saying . still , it 's good to know that it can if it has to ( even with final_cut_studio 's lack of support for it 's integrated_graphics processor ) . many people conclude that the air is impractical as the machine does not have an optical_drive . if you live by cds and or dvds , then yes , it probably is n't practical for you . i never use my optical_drive in my macbook pro . if i want to watch a movie , i rip it first . most people do the same with their music so i do n't think it 's fair to cite this as a reason you 'd need an optical_drive . this does assume , of course , that you have another machine with an optical_drive . if you do n't and you want the air as a primary_machine then you will absolutely need to purchase the optional super_drive apple offers . you might think of going with a cheaper drive , such as the ones lacie makes ( which are good ) , but i would n't as even the air , with it 's added usb power , cannot power them . the one apple offers does n't cost much more and is worth it if you have no other machine . but if you do and you do n't want to travel around with a drive ( like me ) , there 's another nice solution that i found worked very well . i bought a few 8gb flash drives , which are comparable to the speed of a dvd ( if not faster ) and hardly cost anything these days . i loaded the macbook air 's installation media on one drive and made it bootable so i could restore the operating system or boot from the media while traveling should the need arise . i used one drive to hold a few movies i wanted to watch and another for any vital software i would need to install should i need to ever wipe the air 's drive while traveling . i bought four 8gb drives but only used three to do all of this . for less than the size of three fingers you can easily prepare for the worst and bring along some entertainment . if you want to bring along several more movies and music , an ipod is a good choice . you can always hook it up to the air and play the movies music through the machine . i wanted to save it for last , but it makes_sense to address the biggest flaw of the machine now . as i 've said , this is not a video machine . it can be a video machine under very specific circumstances , but it is not , apparently , designed for use with any video at all whatsoever . i say this because of how the air handles heat . the graphics_processor ( gpu ) warms up rather quickly , even if you 're just browsing the web . watching_video on the internet , or even on your hard_drive ( perhaps something you downloaded from itunes , generates quite a bit of heat . when the machine grows too hot , the first thing it does is underclock the gpu . imagine watching a movie at about 1 or 2 frames per second . this is what you can expect when the air gets too hot . if this was n't the case , i would n't be so conflicted over the machine . i can let go of doing any heavy media work with it , but i ca n't let go of being able to watch a tv show without it skipping . you can work around this terrible design flaw by giving the air vent plenty of room to breathe . what i did is put the sleeve i purchased under the air and then rested most of the air on it . i let the back section , with the air vent , hang off the edge so it had space to vent . this worked_perfectly when the air was n't hooked up to external power . when it was , it became a problem . it was an issue on an airplane , though , and the short power available on the flight may have been feeding more power into the air than it should have . the air exhibited some strange behavior when plugged into the power port on the airplane , rendering the trackpad pretty much useless . the air seemed to hold up just fine , when it had breathing room , when plugged into a normal outlet . nonetheless , this trick is annoying and is even required when the air is on a desk or table ( though you 'd get through a sitcom without any trouble if it 's on a desk ) . the computer should be able to play back an mpeg4 or h . 264 file without skipping , throughout the duration , without special treatment . if you have no interest in doing anything with video , watching or otherwise , this wo n't be a problem for you . i just ca n't_imagine anyone using their laptop these days without watching some sort of video online or on their machine . i see this as an enormous drawback and will be the main reason i return the machine , if i decide to do so ( and it is what i 'm leaning towards ) . but moving on ... perhaps disk_space is a drawback ? i thought it would be for me , but i found that i only used about 25gb once i loaded on everything i felt i needed , including my entire music collection ( which is only about 9gb and not the norm , i 'll_admit ) and photo library . i also loaded about 3gb of e mail , final_cut_pro , final draft , adobe cs3 ( without illustrator and indesign ) , episode , visualhub , and several other pieces of software . i installed almost every piece of software i have on my macbook pro and left off the things i 've either never used or used so rarely i forgot i had them . i did n't miss a single thing . i certainly use the majority of my macbook pro 's 250gb disk and have so much data on external_drives , at home , that it would scare you ( i never throw anything away ) , but in terms of what you actually use i 'd bet you 'll find you can fit it on a 64gb or 80gb drive very easily . you did a few years_ago , right ? perhaps you 're still doing it . either way , there 's an easy solution . buy an external_hard_drive . some might argue that this is sort of counter_intuitive as the point of the air is to be pretty much non existent . adding things goes against that mantra . well , yes , but again you can leave this drive at home or where you 're staying . when you 're walking around with the air you do n't need it . when you go back to your hotel , your friend 's house , or wherever you 're staying , you can pull it out of your other bag ( the one you used for clothing , etc . ) . if you 're at home , well , then you certainly have somewhere to put it . rarely will you have to take it with you and it 's not like it 's that big if you do . i have a couple of western_digital 250gb passport drives ( in black , if you 're wondering ) and they 're great . i do n't see drive_space as a drawback at all . it 's a problem easily solved . there may be questions for some if the ssd is faster than a standard hard_drive . for random tasks , yes , very much . os x is good with caching common_tasks , such as launching applications you use often , so while application performance is definitely faster via ssd the crappy little 1 . 8 " ipod hard_drive the standard_model has will not slow you down too much once the air gets to know your habits . startup is n't as instant as everyone says , but you can immediately use the machine after startup . i 'd much rather have an ssd over a hard_drive as the speed_increase is very noticeable , but my main draw to the ssd version of the air was for data_security . it 's just less likely to die and that is very appealing to me . speaking of death , battery_life is what you 'd expect from an apple laptop . in fact , i might call it both better and worse . during my tests , i went to a coffee shop to write for a few hours . i left with about 30 minutes left on the battery , having used it for two and a half hours ( give or take ten minutes ) . i was n't playing_music , browsing the web , or anything at all . i had the wireless off . the only issue is that i was in direct_sunlight and countered it with the display at full brightness ( which is completely and wonderfully visible ) . for a battery rated for five hours under wireless use with the screen not much dimmer than full brightness i was a little disappointed that it only made it what i assume would have been three hours without wireless . nonetheless , i rarely use my laptop without plugging it in so it 's good enough for me . still , i fully intend to use the battery more once they figure out how to make it last a full day . imagine that ... the power_cord is so small you can easily take it with you . actually , it 's really not that small if you think back a few years when we used to have g4s . it 's terribly small compared to the existing adapters and the way the mag_safe attaches is so much nicer than it is on any of apple 's other laptops . it does n't fall out by accident , still comes off easily , and does n't get pushed out of the way by your knee leg when the machine is on your lap . i hope this is how all apple laptops are powered in the future . i have nothing to say about the micro dvi port because i have n't used it . i suppose i could , but i assume it works_fine . there 's not much to screw up . one thing to note about the ports , though , is that despite the beautiful little hatch they 're housed in they are a bit difficult to use . it requires slightly more concentration than the average port when plugging something in . it 's not a big_deal , but it might be a bother at times . the built in speaker is awful , but everyone knows that by now . it 's a single channel speaker . if you 're the type who watches movies with friends on a 13 " laptop this might be a problem . i do n't know any people like that who do n't do so at home and plug in a pair of speakers they have lying around . if you 're by yourself , you have headphones . i wish the speakers were better but i do n't see this as a drawback . the keyboard is a pleasure to type on and the backlight is far more effective on the air than it is on the pro . the keyboard also seems to be better crafted than both the standard macbook and the the wired wireless keyboards ( i 'm typing on a wireless now ) . i do n't know how that could be , but it is . maybe it 's just because it 's new and i 'm now used to typing on the " chiclet " keys . while a little heavier than you 'd expect , the air is fairly_light . i think the main thing to look at , when considering weight , is if you can safely hold it when gripping with one hand ( without fear for your wrist or the laptop 's safety , or both ) . the air has no problem in a single handed tweezer grip and your wrist will be fine as well . it is as minimal as they say it is and will pretty much fit into any bag you 've got . i thought i was going to need a new bag but found that it fit into an old one i usually carried when deciding not to bring a computer . that was a very pleasant_surprise . still , despite the fun of it and all the nice little benefits it has i cannot get over the situation with the heat and the gpu . it really ruins the machine for me . i think that , regardless of whether or not this will be a second computer you can make the determination of whether or not to buy fairly easily . if you were once a boy_scout ( meaning you always like to be prepared ) and or you 've recently told yourself that you need to clean , get rid of stuff , or simplify your life , you will have trouble with this machine . there will be things you wo n't like , perhaps to the end that you wo n't keep the machine . but if your life , in terms of technology and other things ( literal ) , is already simple and you do n't dwell on preparedness too often , you 'll probably enjoy this machine very much . if all i did was write , or all i did was write code , or all i did was write school papers and surf the web this would be an overpriced but very capable_machine . i kind of saw it as the writer 's dream_machine , which is why i got it ( i 'm moving into that field primarily , now ) , but i have too many interests for the air to handle . i might just keep it because i 'm currently overpaid and i would n't mind it as a backup travel machine , but i 'm mostly feeling it was the wrong purchase and i 'd be better suited by a cheaper , standard macbook for a backup laptop ( especially since i can mirror the data and i love the black macbook ) . while i absolutely hated it when it came out , i 've since found that it really is a machine well suited for certain kinds of people . if you 've got the money and intend to be gentle , it 's probably a good choice for you . if your laptop is a third arm , i 'd suggest holding your breath for a year or two . update i have good news . i decided to keep it and turns out that i had a bad machine ( " had " being the good news ) . i took it in because the trackpad clicker button did n't work very well and they gave me a brand new machine ( very , very nice of them ) . not only did that resolve the problem i took it in for , but i no longer get horrible choppy graphics when using the computer on my lap in bed when the vents are partially blocked . while i 've_heard gaming wo n't survive under those conditions , this is a major improvement for me . if i could , i would change my rating to four stars . the air pretty much does everything i 'd want it to at this point and the solid_state disk makes the majority of things i do much faster than the standard 5400rpm_hard_drive i have in my macbook pro . i judged the machine too harshly in the review because i thought i had a model that worked_properly ) . i am very pleased with it now that it can do what it should be able to do . i 'm looking forward to finding out if it can even handle some light video_editing . also , i got a transcend 32gb flash drive as a supplement . so far i have n't used it for anything than taking a bunch of movies_and_tv_shows along with me , but it 's a nice alternative to a traditional hard_drive if you do n't want the bulk but are concerned about the spacial limitations of an ssd .
i have been looking at this machine for the past_week , everyday reading reviews from this site and others . today i logged on to mr . amazon and seen the price went up 500 over night . i kid you not . dear mr . amazon , what the hell are you thinking ? v r21 oct 10update price is back down to 2500ish from 3099
it had to take the wonder kid of my generation to think of an untralightweight laptop that you can carry with you anytime . i did not have to consider other smaller units like the hp mininotebook which is miles behind in speed and capacity , etc . the single usb port should not be a prob . i bought more expensive laptop units in the past and and all pale in comparison with my mba . i am certain a 2.0 or 2.4 ghz will be in the market soon , but i cannot wait .
i actually do not own this but my friend bought one a month_ago . very simply put it is a nice toy if you have thousands of dollars to waste . in a very short time from now it will be seriously out dated and apple will push a fancier and more cost_effective ( cheaper ) one . terrible value
this is going to be a short and sweet review , because i do n't actually own this laptop , but a friend has let me try hers several times . i loved everything about it size , ease of use , speed , keyboard , monitor , everything . let me confess here that i 'm not especially " technically inclined " . so , to be fair , i 'm giving it 4 stars since some techical folks may be aware of faults that escaped me . i 'll be back to update this review when i get my own machine which i want !
the macbook air is an amazing piece of technology to be sure . it can do most everything that it 's big brothers , macbook and macbook pro , can do . all in a thin , three pound package . but this machine is not for everybody . it 's for someone who already has mac tech somewhere else in their life and want a pricey , portable addition to that tech . if you 're using this at home and the office , you 'll need at least one airport extreme to get your wifi going . you 'll also need to have a sharable mac , or an external_hard_drive or external superdrive . one of your wifi devices should probably be the new time capsule so you can quickly back up the system since 80gb probably wo n't last long these days . apple usually stays a step or two ahead of the industry . this time , they may have taken a giant step too far .
i cannot begin to describe how much i love this laptop ! i wo n't provide a technical review as i am sure other reviewers are much more competent to do so . i purchased this laptop for work and graduate_school as soon as they came out . i first switched to apple about 3 years_ago , and since that time i have owned a powerbook g4 12 " which i traded up for the macbook pro 15 " and decided it was too big ( can you tell i want something small ? ) . so , when the macbook air came out , i gave my husband my pro and purchased this . i could n't be more satisfied with it . it is fast , well constructed and lightweight with a beautiful , clear screen , all of which are essentials for my computer happiness ! the touchpad is awesome ... i find myself wishing that my imac mouse had a similar feature . i do not find the lack of an optical_drive problematic i purchased the 99 external_drive and , as i said , also have an imac , so program installation , cd uploading , etc . , is not a problem for me . the external_drive is also small enough that you can pack it up in your case and bring it with you if need be . the battery_life is fantastic i can take class notes for 3 hours_straight and still have plenty of juice for another hour or two of use ... if i had to estimate battery time , i 'd say it consistently gives me 4 1 2 to 5 hours of use . i do not do a lot of video_editing or gaming , etc . , but i do use this for way more than email , including tons of writing , business uses , and web_design . it is n't the task master that the pro 's are , but it 's convenience makes up for any shortcomings . so , it basically comes down to what works for you , and because my primary computer is an imac , the portability , speed , and ease of use of the macbook air is a great choice .
i have been the informal tech_guy for two airs . one for 8 months , one for 6 months . i have also traveled with them . they are generally wonderful , especially if the weight is a big factor . all other laptops seem heavy and inelegant . but ... ( 1 ) if you ever want to use an ethernet connection to the internet ( as opposed to wireless ) , then you have to bring the dongle that converts the one usb port to ethernet . for example , to check your office email at a kinko 's . definitely buy it . you will want to travel with this and an ethernet cable , in case your hotel room has an ethernet connection and no ( or poor ) wireless reception . ( 2 ) to do a quick full restore from time machine , you need both an osx disc ( either disc 1 that comes with the air or an off the shelf osx disc ) and the back up hard_drive . but you only have one usb port and no firewire ports . the superdrive will not share that port on a usb hub ( nor will it work on any computer but an air ) . it is easy to back up with time machine to a small external_drive . ( we used a western_digital passport . ) but consider using a time capsule or an external_hard_drive that has its own power_supply . the powered external_drive is not elegant , but if you ever need to do a full restore ( and you might because your air will lead a hard life , especially if it is a student 's life ) , it will save you a couple of hours if you use a powered external_hard_drive . the superdrive that you can buy for the air ( and you should buy it , it is small and light ) does not work from a usb hub . a powered dvd drive from another manufacturer ( ours is from toshiba ) works on a powered usb hub . the wd_passport would not connect to the air via a powered usb hub ( at least through the hub i used , and that hub has had problems ) . but a powered wd mybook external_hard_drive did connect to the air via the powered hub . so use a powered external_hard_drive for your time machine backups , and if you need to do a full restore , get a powered usb hub and a powered external_dvd_drive with a usb output . the apple genius_bar might not have these . note see ( 11 ) and ( 12 ) below for alternate methods for a full restore , in one of which the wd_passport worked_fine . ( 3 ) the genius_bar geniuses know a lot more about the macbook than the air because the air is still relatively new . ( 4 ) if you ever do a full " restore and erase " from the two discs that come with the air , you need to know this at the end of first disc , about 1.5 hours into the process , it flashes " get ready to insert disc 2. " then it reboots and eventually says " installing . calculating time remaining " and ejects the disc . it does not say " insert disc 2 " . if maybe you were not watching it for the entire first 1.5 hours , you would not have seen the message at the end of disc 1 before the reboot . what it wants when it ejects disc 1 is for you to insert disc 2 . not very brilliant programming . every two disc windows program and game says " insert disc 2 and press enter . " not these install discs . i found out when i went to the genius_bar and the genius restarted the install process . he went to lunch and i watched the computer for two hours ( this is what i want you to avoid ) , so i happened to see the message at the end of disc one . it was a special moment in my life . ( 5 ) be careful where you put the air and the superdrive . i heard of someone throwing out their air with the sunday paper . might be an urban_legend , but we lost a superdrive , possibly the same way . ( 6 ) backups to time machine are more likely to happen if you use a time capsule as a wireless_router external_hard_drive . you can also print through time capsule , instead of plugging the printer into the air when you need to print . be sure to have the printer plugged into the time capsule and turned on before you install the time capsule . otherwise , you will probably need to call apple care to walk you through the re install with the printer . do n't get off the phone until the printer works and time machine works , not just the wireless_internet . for a student whose life is on the air , i would definitely consider the time capsule an essential accessory to the air . for someone who uses the air as an occasional computer for travel and has her life on an imac with an ethernet connection to the internet , the time capsule is nice but not necessary . ( 7 ) get a neoprene sleeve for the air . then when it is thrown into a backpack or briefcase , it will be safer . also , in its sleeve on a desk it is less of an object of desire for thieves ( in my humble_opinion ) . after all these months , the air is still eye_candy ( as you well know if you got this far in this review ) . consider a color other than black , which is harder to see and find . ( 8 ) i understand that the wireless antenna is in the hinge that attaches the screen to the body of the air . so it is somewhat directional . try sliding it around to get better reception . you can check the packet flow in the activity monitor in utilities to see what works best . ( 9 ) wireless reception does not seem to be a strength of the two airs that i use . the 4 macbooks that preceded the two airs in our lives seemed to get more consistently good wireless reception . this is a shame , because the air depends more on its wireless than the macbooks , which have real ports . in future generations of the air i hope that apple finds a way to get the best possible wireless reception for the air . ( 10 ) the 80 gb_hard_drive in the air is not big enough for a student 's life if the student likes to store music and videos on it . an outboard hard_drive is a distant second best solution . ( i liked the wd_passport for this , since it does not need external power and it is small , reliable and travels well . consider wrapping it in bubble wrap in your backpack or briefcase . usb power is enough for this drive since you will not be doing a full time machine restore from this drive . to backup the stuff on this drive , you will need another solution , which might be time machine on the time capsule . update i attach the wd_passport and the printer to the usb port on the time capsule with a usb mini hub ( not a powered hub ) , store videos on the passport and back up the air and passport with time machine to the time capsule 's hard_drive . i wish the backup was not in the same room as the backed up drives , but it is a lot better than no backup . ) ( 11 ) it is easy to connect the air to another computer to use the other computer 's cd or dvd drive . you need a good wireless connection for both computers . the air asks the other computer for permission each time , and the other computer has to give permission each time . i connected to another air and could use the superdrive on the second air . i have heard of people using this as a way to access the osx dvd when they do a quick full restore from time machine to the air . i tried , could connect , but could not do a quick restore this way . the problem was that the both the osx disc and the original disc 1 that comes with the air cause a reboot . after the reboot , the air could not see the dvd drive in the other computer . end of quick restore process . ( 12 ) update to do a full restore from time machine to the air do an erase and restore with the start up disc or an osx disc . two hours later , when this is done and you have a fresh computer , it asks if you want to restore from a hard_drive using time machine . then you start the restore . ( at that point the restore process is finished with the dvd and you can unplug the superdrive and plug in your external_hard_drive , whether powered or not . the wd_passport worked_fine to restore at this point in the process . ) the whole process ( including the restore from time machine ) takes many hours , but it works_great and you do not need a powered external_dvd_drive the superdrive works_fine for this . this waste of two hours ( for the erase and restore ) is the cost of a small , light computer , i guess . now you know , too . i hope this saves you from the frustration thati experienced . given all that , every air owner i know would buy another one if they lost theirs . none would go back to a macbook . ( i do know people for whom the weight is not a big issue and who want more horsepower and ports and sometimes screen_size , especially for games . they are happy with their macbooks as their main computers . ) except for the wireless reception , the problems of the air are problems for the tech_person , not so much for the day to day user . which is a good design choice . ( note four months later we now have two students using 80gb airs and they both love them . both use external_drives , too . ( wd passports . ) my wife had her air stolen out of an unlocked car . do n't ask why it was unlocked . it was in a backpack with the superdrive , ethernet dongle , external_hard_drive , wireless mouse , etc . and they took the backpack . we had lojack for laptops on it and the lapd got it back for us . just the computer , but we did not complain . it took four weeks . i recommend lojack for laptops . the only hard part is remembering that you have lojack on there . the sooner you remember and file a police report , the sooner you will get your laptop back . )
2nd_generation mba with 45nm penryn will solve current problems such as storage , interface connector , blackout problem , while most of the beauty of it will remain the same . i need to emphasize that i love mba design . first , 80gb is so small that you will see more than 1 2 of 80gb is required by os , vm and major applications . performance is getting even slower due to its storage bottleneck . at least two usbs and ethernet are must . it is sacrificing flexibility so much to reduce its size and weight but i do not feel it does not have a fair balance for regular users . i still encounter occasional blackout and freeze problem when i leave it for a few hours , which has not been solved even through apple 's technical_support . i definitely think next one will be much better and apple knows how we feel about mba . i believe they could respond to what we feel very soon .
i read a lot of reviews on the web complaining about macbook air single usb port , lack of built in ethernet port , external superdrive , etc . as major issues ... come on ! this is an ultra_portable , thin and light notebook , without compromising screen and keyboard sizes , plus amazing screen and multitouch technologies ... if you love breakthrough products , buy yours today ! d
i bought my macbook air mb003ll a used from ebay . ive always been a fan of apple , having an iphone and ipad and decided to leave windows behind a try a macbook . buying a 5 year old laptop can definitely be a gamble . once i received the laptop i automatically feel in love with the design and extreme lightweight feeling . once i started using it i can tell a noticeable_difference with the speed of this used 5 year old macbook and my 2 year old windows laptop . the macbook is so much faster . i use to think maybe my internet connection was just slow but no , windows was slow . i am completely amazed at the quality . i can see why people pay so much money for a macbook , it will definitely last longer than any other computer out there . i am happy with my purchase . bye bye windows ! !
is it a compromise ? well i guess for those who do n't mind carrying around a 6 lb portable with all the bells_and_whistles or an ultraportable with slow processor , small keyboard but with more ports , i guess the mba is . where there is no compromise is in the speed , full sized keyboard , screen_clarity and battery_life . with the 64 gig_ssd and 1.8 ghz 4mb cache processor the speed is the fastest in its class . while the x300 is the computer that everyone loves to bash the mba with , i will take the speed of the mba over the dvd on the x300 anytime . plus , it can run both vista xp and osx . so it is a better vista computer and also a mac . oh and one more thing compared to the x300 you can actually buy an mba now , it has been available for close to a month , while the x300 just got posted on there site and there is a more than ( typical of lenovo ) 4 week ship time usually in lenovo jargon that means wait a few months . it is amazing that apple used to be the king of announce and wait has now become the company whose products are available ( in most cases ) on the day or within days of announcement . my only real_complaint is length of time it takes to charge . mine is taking about 4 hours . hopefully there will be a firmware fix for that . the keyboard is the best in class , bar none , not even the x series by lenovo . the screen is bright and crisp . load_times for vista is the quickest i have seen ( probably because of the ssd ) . i have heard complaints that there is no built in 3g or evdo , but in my opinion , that is a waste . why would anyone want that built in unless that is their only computer ? ? as a person who has more than one laptop and computer , i much rather have a usb 3g or evdo . the new verizon 720 works with the mba perfectly and has a microsdhc slot for 68 i got the new sandisk 8 gig microsdhc which works_great .
well it has been a couple_months of constant use , and the hype is all gone over the macbook air , so what do i think of it now ? ? ? it is great ! ! ! specs for the machine i have cpu 1 . 83ghz intel_core 2 duoram 2gbhdd 80gbok , ok , let me go through the pros_and_cons . pros extremely_portable great battery_life very light weightcons only 1 usb portwhat it is for writing email web_surfing light business applications travel simple graphics editingwhat it is not for video_editing advanced photo_editing virtual machineswhen it is all said and done , this is a great machine for its intended use . a lot of reviews were negative because the reviewers were morons and somehow thought this machine would perform like a 5000 17' macbook_pro . when you look at this machine for what it is , a super_portable and lightweight laptop , it does a great_job . i use the machine as my main laptop at work . it is so nice to be able to just pick it up and take it anywhere on campus with no trouble . it 's a productivity booster if you figure you can have your laptop with you at all times . i really have not had any issues with this machine as my main_machine , and that is saying a lot since i switched to this machine from a top of the line 17' macbook_pro . i would say for being apple 's first contender in this space , it is a huge success , despite some of the asinine reviews i have seen . " no optical_drive ( " my response to that is , it 's 2008 get a clue . i still think it 's amazing they were able to cram everything they did into this machine .
after being used to traveling with a macbook_pro i wondered if the macbook air would have enough performance and capacity to satisfy my needs . this is a beautiful machine . extremely thin but very sturdy feeling . wonderfully light even with required accessories . a terrific screen and keyboard that are a pleasure during all day use . good battery_life ( about 4 hours in my case ) . good processor and graphics power for mainstream business applications . adequate disk_space but limited disk performance . barest minumum of ports requires dongles and a usb hub . while its slower than my macbook pro , the only times i really notice a difference are booting the machine takes_longer ( but i usually only do that a couple times a week ) starting some applications takes_longer ( but once started i can still run a lot of apps in 2gb even including parallels ) true multitasking is limited to one intensive disk or cpu operation at a time ( do n't try and use the machine for anything significant while doing a backup , or while ripping a dvd ) . so under normal use i was very pleasantly_surprised how useable the air felt after being used to a pro . for me the size and weight reduction is definitely worth the performance reduction . yes i would like a bigger , faster hard_drive , but next year 120gb 5400rpm single platter units should be available . yes i would like a built in ethernet port , but i 'm not willing to pay a big form_factor price to avoid the 29 dongle . yes i would like 2 3 usb ports , but targus makes some really tiny 4 port hubs for now . i 'm honestly not sure i would make any different design choices , and technology progress will take care of the only thing i 've found to be occasionally very limiting ( disk size and performance ) .
update i originally_purchased the mba for home however , due to it 's weight and portability it quickly replaced my work laptop which was a dell . i have office 2008 for mac installed , use a cisco vpn , and firefox 3 ( for . tiff files and some others that safari did n't work with ) when mobile , i am using a sprint broadband wireless usb card when i am not using wifi and the mba screams when it comes to running oracle 11i . so far , i have n't found anything that makes me miss my dell . i purchased a custom configured mba i ordered it with the 1.8 ghz_processor and the 80 gb hdd . so far , i have to say i love this machine ! as some have mentioned i thought i would miss certain devices like an optical_drive ( cd_dvd ) or an ethernet port but so far i have n't missed either one ! i get about 3.5 hours to 5 hours out of each charge and i have the power_settings on 'performance' which is as high as it gets i imagine if i dialed it back to 'energy saving' i could get more . my dell only lasted about 2.5 hours so i know where all the outlets are in airports airplanes lounges when i am on the road . it is nice to only have to charge half as much ! ! i am using my mba in conjunction with a wireless network at my house . the remote disk feature worked seamlessly when i installed software from the superdrive on my mac_mini via wifi to my mba . in addition , i installed the remote disk software on my dell , just to see if i could watch a movie and i could ! ( remote disk allows a user to watch movies the user has created , and install software remotely however , it does n't allow a user to watch a commercial dvd remotely ) i thought the mba would be fairly slow with larger programs such as photoshop surprisingly enough it works just fine ! i am keeping all of the bookmarks , preferences , address books , mail accounts , etc synced between my mac_mini , mba , and ipod touch using my . mac account . any files i want to use between the devices , i use via 'sharing files' under preferences in leopard . if you have n't used leopard before you are in for a treat ! i have expose set up so every time i move my mouse to the upper_left corner of my screen 'all windows' come to the forefront . i also have it set so if i move my mouse to the lower left portion of my screen , it launches spaces . spaces is a program that works as if you have 'virtual_desktops' . i set mine up to have 12 'screens' two rows , six columns . this means i can be running up to twelve programs or have up to 12 windows open at a time move my cursor to the lower left of the screen , enter spaces and switch between any of the twelve applications screens with literally one movement and a click . speaking of clicks i do n't use the track pad buttons like i used to which was odd at first but , once i got used to using the functions of the new track pad one finger ( tap left_click ) , two fingers ( tap right click ) , or three fingers ( swipe next page screen ) , two finger pinch small font small pic , two finger spread larger font larger pic i ca n't_imagine ever going back . overall , i am very pleased with the performance of this device . i used to 'make a decision' whether or not to 'lug' along my laptop , now i just grab the mba . i recommend purchasing the ethernet usb adapter we all have to use ethernet at some point ) btw if you are looking for a carrying_case i purchased a bag from sfbags . com which is basically a sleeve , a flap , and a shoulder_strap for under a hundred bucks and it 's very high quality . you will want to get a size 13 2 ( mba ) and a suspension strap ( it has a gripper pad on it ) .
i am using this as a replacement for my imac which i moved to the office . this computer is the best laptop i have ever owned ( the first mac ) , and i am in love with the operating system . i dont have to worry about viruses or other nonsense like that like i use to have to deal with all the time with my old dell laptop . plus its so light i can take it anywhere ! the only thing i do n't like about it is that it does n't have a firewire port . however , all in all i am very happy and could not have imagined a more perfect computer .
was one of the first to order this as it was just what i was looking for ... it 's stunning ! beautiful ! i noticed that i never used my dvd cd drives so this laptop works_perfect for me as i travel a lot and witheverything else i carry around , i do n't need a big clunky laptop in a big clunky case to carry around too . this laptop fits in my existing briefcase easily with my other inter office envelopes ! like the iphone , its solidly_built but not heavy . i have no fear that it will break in my briefcase . i have been pondering for years to buy a_10 " vaio from sony . this is many times better with the large_screen , full size keyboard , and of course mac_os operating system means i do n't have to have an anti_virus software that slows my computer down to a crawl and screws up my computer every time it is upgraded . its cheaper than the vaio i was going to buy also . this is perfect for me . i have a few year old powerbook i keep at home , just in case , but i think i 'm going to have to turn that on every once in awhile to keep the battery going as i 'm using the mba all the time .
i have owned 3 previous macbooks , and the last one i owned before this one was the the 17in macbook pro which was an impressive machine , with an impressive weight . after owning it for a few months i noticed that i would get home and my back would be in agony from carrying so much weight around dally . i decided that was enough was enough , and i went down and i purchased my macbook air the day it came out . the macbook air is extremely_light , thin and pretty_sturdy . my back pain at the end of the day is gone and in fact i constantly forget i have it on my back ... one of the only problems i have had with its size is finding a backpack that does n't weight more than the air itself ( i ended up going with the buzz by tom bihn ) . i have edited thousands of photos in photoshop , put together movies with imovie and final_cut express , written short stories , watched movies with eyetv and have done pretty much anything i did on my macbook pro . that being said , it is a less powerful_machine so i will sometimes see freezes , most which occur in safari ( which i no longer use ) . i have dropped it , thrown it on my couch , and carried it to 3 countries and 7 states . i seriously cannot understand people who are breaking these .. as i havent treated my exactly well , but i do understand it is a portable computer which are all delicate pieces of machinery . people invariably ask me questions about it when they see my in public , one is " dont you miss your dvd drive ? " and my answer is always no . i have the usb drive to install programs requiring a dvd , which i have needed maybe 5 times total . people wonder how i can watch movies , and you know .. i no longer own any dvds ... i only watch digital movies now .. whats the point of wasting space in my house with dvds i may watch once or twice . the other question people ask is about the air only having one usb port . yes , this has been a bit annoying a few times ( especially since the air has a disabled usb port turned off inside of it ) , but i have gotten around this by carrying a tiny usb splitter , and have needed to use that maybe 3 times total . i have to admit however that i also have a full macpro , which i keep all of my files on and that the macbook air is my portable office . i move everything that i have on it over the desktop when i am home , and am not sure i would be able to survive with only an 80 gb drive , but as i have 2 terabytes of data , i am sure you would understand why . if you are interested in buying this machine i would suggest staying away from solid_state_drives for now , as they are more expensive for the size and the failure_rate appears to be higher than normal hard_drives . however , i love my air . if you are on the fence , i would suggest getting it ! but as with any apple , i would also get an extra year of apple care . ive only needed it once in the last 10 or so years , but it saved my life ( and about 30 , 000 photos ) .
i have been a mac laptop user for years and year , most recently with a macbook pro . in fact , i had switched to the macbook pro as my all in one computer for several years for work , home , and travel . boy , was that a mistake , and one that the macbook air has readily filled i now own an imac at home , and use the macbook air for travel and work . i just love it . it is so small and light , it makes no noticable difference in my carryon or work messenger_bag . even after many months of use , it still has the " wow " factor when people see it , something us apple geeks truly thrive on ... and it has all the features i need on the road . i did break down and buy the external superdrive , because it is just so much faster than using the remote disk feature on the mba . in addition , i found that i use the ethernet usb adapter more ofter than not , since it is suprising how many hotels in the us and europe are not wireless order one with your mba and spare the hassle . i think cupertino must run on a different system , since wireless is an amazing idea that might work there , but does not work in 90 percent of the rest of america . still , the speed it good , i do n't notice any major slowness , programs_open zippily , run well , and everything just plain old works . i read a lot of reviews before buying , and i have to tell you , i have experienced zero of the problems that some write about . i am very happy with this purchase .
i remember when my dad bought an imac . a 333mhz graphite dv . the thing it was missing was unbelievable ! how could you possibly function without a floppy drive ! this computer will never make it . fast_forward 9 years . the mba comes out with no optical_drive . sure , not the first laptop , but neither was the imac without a floppy . now we see , no laptop or desktop comes with a floppy of any kind . i do believe the mba will do the same with the optical_drive . it is really the one thing limiting designs of computers . sure , you can be thin , but have to be at least six inches wide , to hold an optical_drive . flash should fix this problem . i can fit twice as much on a thumb_drive as a dl dvd at a tenth the space . so on to the mba . any software or movie i want , i download over the internet . i have rarely needed the optical_drive with this computer . ( ) i went from a blackbook to this . all i do on my computer is surf the internet , check_email , listen_to_music , watch movies tv shows . this does it all . this thing is holding 15 gigs of music , 10 gigs of pictures , spore , and i have 29 . 29 gigs free . did i mention spore ? this thing runs spore quite well . someone said this thing is underpowered , have they actually tried doing anything on it , or are they just looking at the specs ? weight . this thing is light , but unlike an x300 or sony tt tz , looks good doing it . backlight . beautiful_screen , very clear and bright . keyboard . did n't think they could improve from the ibook keyboard , but they did with the macbook , put it in the air and added backlighting . perfect . case . sturdy , easy to clean , does n't pick up fingerprints , though like the mbp , hurts wifi . i can hook it up to my 1080p lcd , this thing will output 1920x1080 while watching hulu , could n't ask for more . ( ) no optical_drive , one usb port , no ethernet , no firewire , non replaceable_battery , small hdd , poor graphics . if you put these under negative , than you are missing the point . apple makes it pretty clear before you drop your hard_earned cheddar that it has none of these things . it is like saying you bought a new convertible , but you are disappointed it wo n't haul your dining_room table . you know it is 4 " off the ground and 2wd but still make a point that it ca n't go off road . no sht . on to the real negatives . i cannot install boot_camp without a superdrive . i tried using an lg usb powered dvd burner that i bought with my eee . work great for everything on the air except boot_camp . probably no firmware in the bios to run it . hinge . seems delicate , i have seen many a cracked in half mba because people think this thing can lay flat . ambient sensor . too sensitive . in low_light_conditions , it constantly adjusts the brightness of the screen and keyboard . i realize i can turn it off , but it does work well in light and dark situations . other than that , excellent machine . i would recommend it to anyone who understands its capabilities as well as its limitations .
wow ! is what comes to mind when i opened the box for the first time , its so shiny and it really is a piece of art more then a simple laptop . i found it more beautiful in person then i did on the ads , the black keyboard looks great , and again on the ad thought silver would have been better but no longer think that . being the 1 . 6 80 model everyone was saying the speed will be slow ... not true ! just sold my 2.2 macbook with 4g of ram , and this is almost the same . the screen , it is very bright more so then the current macbook , and to me seems much clearer . fans run at 2400 rpms , no noise or heat ... 48 57 degrees surfing and mail open . charges to full in 3.5 hours . the think that impresses me most is the built quality , i have had 6 apple laptops this year including the macbook pro and lots of macbooks , this is the best built by far . the track pad is so precise , and much better then my macbook . the thinness will amaze you . i am hooked ) update i was given a 1 . 8 64 as a gift and wrote a review , that might interest people trying to decide if the ssd drive or hhd drive is right for you ...
the good i thought it would n't be as sturdy as it is , but it is ! the screen is great . very thin and truly ultraportable , though not quite as light as you might think . overall , a truly beautiful laptop . i also think the price is excellent a very fair price for such a nice ultraportable computer . most any serious computer user can afford this beauty . the power_chord is great . the bad no optical_drive , means no dvds , not cd installs , unless using another computer , by which it can use file_sharing to transfer the data over wireless , which is far from ideal . this is a big downer , as everyone will want to watch a dvd sometime , expecially on the plane or on a trip ... you should definitely buy a usb thumb_drive or two , a usb hub , a usb ethernet device , and a nice case to go along with the purchase . u can buy an external_cd dvd player burner , but lugging that along kills the form_factor and portability of the unit . battery_life is about 3 4 hours , for me , per charge , which is ok , not great considering i 'm just surfing and using imail 3 4 of the time . throwing in a neoprene case or something should have been included for an 1800 dollar laptop . i have no problem buying one seperately , but throwing in a 5 10 dollar case would have been considerate , and other high end laptop mfgrs throw this in . the ugly video capabilities are weak , just sufficient enough to get by . i ca n't edit movies with imovie nearly as well as i can with my macbook pro ( 1 . 8 ghz ) . and i 'm afraid as more programs become more graphics_intensive , this may be a big problem after a few years . harddrive speed is noticably inferior the read access time and write performance are palpably slower than my other notebooks . harddrive space is limited as well , and considering there 's no dvd cd player , it magnifies the problem . i could easily give this 4 stars , but will give it a 3 because it simply ca n't serve all my needs , no way . it 's terrific as a primary_laptop used for email and other light tasks , but if you 're a serious computer user , it alone is nowhere near enough . it 's probably worthy of 4 stars for it 's overwhelming pro 's , and 5 stars as a secondary special use laptop , but the con 's i mentioned earlier are legitimate and wonder how it 's going to to fare with the next generation os and programs , considering it 's pathetic integrated_video card . whereas , i know my macbook pro will be ready for whatever i throw at it for 5 more years . on a side note , i also own a dell m1330 , and it 's just 1.5 lbs heavier , but gives me alot more ( cpu , hd , ram , and video ! ) power for almost half the price . also a sleek , pretty machine , but definitely not on my mba 's level aestheticly , and is not quite " ultraportable . " still , if you 're a pc user , i 'd recc 'd it . i have goen through a dozen notebooks over the past 6 years , handing them down to friends and family , and i now down to three ( macbook pro , air , m1330 , plus a desktop imac , and 1 desktop_pc ) . do n't get me wrong though , i currently adore my macbook air , it serves it 's purpose very well . that said , my dell m1330 and my macbook pro are more indispensable and " important " to me .
this is my backup and travel computer at my macpro would not really travel well . first things first , this is probably not he computer you should be using as a primary computer , but as a second computer is excels . i like the fact that i can fit it in my business folio and take it to work use it on my breaks and when i have some free time . it is also quite solid i had no fear of damaging it holding it on it 's edges . the feature i like best is the screen . they use the new led backlighting instead of fluorescent so it is more energy efficient and way brighter then any other of apple 's displays even ont he macbook_pro . as for the 80gb vs solid_state_drive . i got the 80gb because while the solid_state will read data faster and boot up and open applications faster then a macbook pro the 80gb drive writes data faster , and well i did not buy this computer for it 's speed anyway . by the way if you are concerned about the size of the hard_drive i 'll let you know what i do and hope it helps . when i am away i leave my macpro on and set up my . mac account with back to my mac . i have a at t 3g wireless card and with that combo i can access the 1tb_drive and all the applications on my macpro . it will not obviously run as fast but it is the closest you will get to a 1 . 08 tb laptop at this point .
i gave it 2 stars just because its an apple product . do n't fool your self you will need a cd drive and you will end up buying an external one anyway . its hard_drive memory so small , its hardly can enable you to store any thing ! so i ended up buying the time capsule too . one usb port is never enough and although i knew all these facts before i bought it and i do have another macbook older_version i just struggle with this machine constantly . buy the time i am writing this review and after saving all my files on my time capsule , i have only 23 gb left ( mostly consumed by the os and the updates ) on my hard_drive . the machine getting so slow now and the hard_drive is cannot be upgraded .
before i begin this review i 'd like you the reader to know that this is my first mac i 've been set free from the pc world for the most part now and it is awesome ! i brag to my co workers about how nice it is to use the mac_os over windows . i can see now what everyone before me has talked about in their reviews of apple 's computers . it take a little patience to learn the apple os , but in no more than one week you should be feeling confident while moving around in the apple world . the macbook pro has essentially everything you could want in one , well designed package . to say this is a really great computer is an understatement . i highly_recommend it . i enjoy all the little additions that apple has put into it the design that make it so user_friendly . major features of this computer are the illuminated keyboard , the built_in_isight camera ( which is really fun especially with kids ) , built in bluetooth , and its ultra sharp lcd screen make it very attractive to someone looking to buy a new computer . i am also amazed at how slim it is , especially when you consider how much it has inside it . when it 's connected to my logitech 2.1 speaker system , i find that the sound quality i get when using itunes is outstanding ! there are two areas of improvement that i am eager to see overcome . one is that i wish there was more available native software that works on the intel native macbook pro . i 've been reading that there are software companies working on updating revising their products to work on the new system so i do n't really see this as being a long term problem , rather just a minor_annoyance ( all the old software works , but the speed is much slower than when using a native intel app ) . second observation is this machine can get very hot . i had to buy a notebook cooling_pad so it does n't overheat . i have a thinkpad i use for work ( not by choice ) , and when comparing the heat it generates compared with the macbook_pro i realize how hot the macbook pro can get compared to other computers . in the end , i looked at a lot of other computers and decided to get this one . i am glad i did .
about a year , or so , ago i got wind of apple 's pending move to intel chips , which made me raise an eyebrow . i never really intended to make the jump , but my first taste of the intel duo apple computer ( mac_mini see my review ) convinced me otherwise . one of my biggest concerns was the investment i have in pc software , some of which i just ca n't part with until developers catch up with the capabilities of the new mac 's . shortly after i purchased my mac_mini , " bootcamp " was introduced ( probably for people like me ) . i have been absolutely blown away by the ease of use of my macbook pro , the software bundled with it , and the fact that so much of what i 've been running in the windows world was available to me already ( much of what 's out there comes with windows mac install cd 's ) . i am an application developer , technical instructor and amateur graphic artist . on the professional side i use programs like poser 6 , vue 5 infinite , shadow , macromedia_flash 8 dreamweaver 8 , etc . , and all run flawlessly and faster on the macbook pro . thanks to bootcamp , i do n't have to reinvest in programs i had already recently_purchased for the window 's side ( quicken 2006 , etc . ) . i simply installed bootcamp , and go any way i choose , until the time comes for upgrades , which i will now do on the mac side . for those of you considering making the switch , i have two comments ( 1 ) come on in the water 's fine ! and ( 2 ) get a copy of david pogue 's " mac_os x the missing manual , tiger edition " it 's worth three times the price , will have you proficient in no time , and is downright entertaining .
i 've been running on apple laptops for the past couple years , so it seemed natural to grab one of these as an upgrade . let me start by saying it is a quality piece of hardware . my 15 " unit has the same screen_resolution as my old 17 " g4 , and is a great potential upgrade for 17 " users tired of carrying an aircraft_carrier sized laptop . to better understand my 3 star rating , let me preface by saying that i 'm an amateur photographer . so a couple key elements for me are being able to import and process my photographs . the first gotcha no pcmcia slot . maybe the little slot they 've put into my 15 " model is a technical step up , but that does n't help me be more productive with all me existing gear . sure i can import directly from the camera , but i do n't always want to have to drag it out and drain its battery . i often have several compact_flash cards with pictures in them and shuttling them back into the camera is cumbersome . to me this was a real mess up on apple 's part . many of us have large investments in pcmcia hardware ( microdrives , compact_flash etc ) and to arbitrarily muck that up seems like old school apple arrogance . second gotcha , no intel native version of adobe_photoshop and while the ppc version runs , it suffers terribly in performance . add to that that i 've seen issues with minor file corruption when saving files from nikon raw to jpg and its very clear that until the native version of photoshop comes out , intel apples are crippled for anyone wanting professional level image_editing . my 15 " mbp does n't get uncomfortably_hot while running , but the upper left_hand_corner warms up considerably while running all the old ( powerpc ) applications . will i get rid of my 15 " mbp ? no . would i recommend it to others , yes but with caveats . think about what it is you need this machine to do for you . if you need a high performance application that has n't been ported to the intel version of the operating system , then stay away . if you 're a typical_office user who gets email , surfs and might use the built in video and picture programs then it will be ok for you .
this macbook pro is a great system . the newer_versions are not as great due to the glossy , glass screen , the screen on this one is way better and clearer . this design has thus far been my favorite design of the macbook pro . os x is a truly amazing os , i strayed away from it for a little bit when i had capability issues with leopard , but now that i have re installed os x tiger everything works brilliant . if you want the most for your money , this and the dell xps are the best notebooks on the market .
i love this computer , but it is ergonomically horrible . i have been using macintosh powerbooks for the last eight years and it was an ergonomic gem . the working surface of the laptop was curved and i never once experienced pain while typing , even if i spent 10 hours a day typing . the macbook has a sharp_edge that cuts into my palms wrists and it causes so much pain i have to stop typing . i have no idea how designers could or would create a laptop with such a horrible flaw . i work at nasa and we work tirelessly on the ergonomics of every design to lessen the impact on astronauts . it is mindboggling how apple designers could be so careless in the design of their laptops . they probably only cared about 'how it looked' instead of how it functioned . i know if i designed this computer i would never have made such a ridiculous blunder . why would apple stray away from a perfectly designed laptop ( the powerbook ) and go to a hard edged design . hell , why did n't they just put razor blades on the edge where your wrists rest ? are you listening apple designers ? or do you care ? probably not ... related info i ordered this computer because it was the last mac laptop to have a flat_screen . apple seems to have sold out to the pc world by going exclusively to glossy_screens . there are no advantages to glossy_screens . they give so much glare you ca n't even see what you are doing , especially if you are in public . glossy_screens render laptops useless outside because you ca n't even see the display . this is another huge blunder apple is making . when are corporations going to start designing what the consumer wants instead of forcing stupid designs on consumers ? hey apple , how about hiring me at 500 , 000 a year so i can straighten out your designs ? that salary would be dirt_cheap , because with the better designs i would create it would lead to more happy customers . is n't that what companies are supposed to do ? ? ? dumb , dumb , dumb ...
this is more of a comment than a review . i 'm considering buying my first mac ( a mb_pro ) but what blows me away about all the reviews here is that while most previous mac owners say hold off for the next generation it 's the 'windows switch overs' who seem to be most blown away by the mac books . they seem overwhelmed by the experience . tells me all the more that i need to jump ship too from my miserable existance in windows land although i may wait for the next generation for some of the macbook kinks to be worked out ...
we 've gone through two of these already , and both have had significant_problems . i 'll give an update when we get our third . in addition to the oft cited heat issues , they often do n't come out of sleep properly , requiring a hard_reset . it seems that apple rushed these initial intel based laptops to get them on the market . it 's probaly best to wait until the next generation ones come out either later this year or early next . for one , the next gen models will use the core_2 processors , which are phenomenal and will reduce power_consumption while giving an almost 100 boost to speed . second , more applications will have been ported to the intel architecture by then . unless you absolutely have to have an intel mac now , i 'd recommend waiting for the second generation laptops . otherwise , you 're going with a first generation chip on a first generation laptop . it 's not surprising that so many people are having problems .
about my mac machine name macbook pro 15 " machine model macbookpro1 , 1cpu type intel core duonumber of cores 2cpu speed 2 ghzl2 cache ( shared ) 2 mbmemory 2 gbbus speed 667 mhzi own it since 2 months already . i also own an ibook g4 , 14 " , 1 . 42 ghz , 1.5 gb_ram , 60 gb hd and superdrive . i am not impressed with the mbp , nor for the speed , neither for the performance . running together the ibook and the macbook_pro i found the ibook faster than the mbp for some tasks like printing and opening large photo files . wifi performance of the ibook g4 is by far much better than the macbook pro , at the mac store i was told that probably due to the metallic case of the mbp the reception decreases . i used the migration utility to import the ibook and found that the spotlight just find the files after being opened with the mbp , the rest of the imported files must be searched manually the first time you need them , so you better keep your former mac without formatting for a certain period of time . another important issue , the macbook pro is a heating machine too . when burning dvd 's , the mbp burns too ! the battery_life is almost 160 minutes for the mbp and 240 minutes for the ibook g4 . i remark the fun_stuff i love of the mbp the front row , the built in video_camera and the super funny photo_booth . anyway , it 's a mac ! it means that will always work , but in my case i paid too much for a video_camera and the front row . if you already own a powerbook or an ibook and you do not need a built in video_camera , or running win_xp , wait for a real different product .
this is the finest laptop i have had the pleasure to own . i have owned hp , sony , kds and ibm . none of these are close in quality to the mac . some folks have complained about the fan_noise ... i ca n't_hear my fan run . the unit runs a little warmer than i would like but is much cooler than the sony vaio it replaced . we have 5 computers on our wireless network 2 macs and 3 pc 's . we will replace one of the pc 's soon with another mac ..... buy any mac ... you will not regret it .
it 's the most stunning idea , is n't it ? this top of the line macbook pro is the fastest mac notebook ever , and probably one of the fastest macs period . when steve_jobs announced the new macs , with intel_core duo processors i was almost certain i wanted to buy one . why ? macs are well known for ease of use and capabilities , but they have managed all that for years , with processors that are not always top notch . that all changed in january 2006 . processor in the new macbook prothe intel_core_duo processor in the new macbook pro is an amazing chip . what have i noticed about the speed of the machine featuring this chip ? it is incredibly_fast . you 'd be surprised by how much faster even web_browsing is , when you have a processor as powerful as the core_duo . however , what i 've really been impressed by is doing things such as video encoding . i 've encoded videos in h264 as much as eight times faster than my powerbook g4 . furthermore , the ilife applications that are included on the macbook_pro fly , with the speed . iphoto , imovie , idvd , and garageband perform like never before . i 've really been impressed by the speed . the core_duo is a great processor . it offers exceptional desktop_pc performance , in a design that can fit in small computers and notebooks . it features two cores on a single die , which effectively gives you the performance of two processors . do n't let the 2 ghz clock speed fool you . this core_duo chip will outperform 3 ghz pentium 4 processors . it really is an amazing breakthrough , from intel . video cardthe new macbook pro 2 ghz model features an ati radeon x1600 graphics_processor using pci_express 256 mb of gddr3 video memory . this is the best graphic card apple has ever included in a notebook . this graphic processor will work well for most gaming , and it is great for viewing back complex h264 movies , including high definition videos . you can enjoy high definition h264 videos , without drop frames . ports the macbook pro features 2 usb 2.0 ports , 1 firewire 400 port , gigabit_ethernet , audio in out , and expresscard ( 34 slot ) . display apple touts the display on the new macbook pro as bright as the cinema displays , and there is no question these displays are bright ! depending on your lighting condition , you 'll almost certainly not turn the display to full brightness . i had to turn down the brightness , for it was hard on my eyes . however , it is nice to know the brightness is there , when needed . the native resolution is 1440x900 giving you plenty of screen_real_estate , to keep the applications you need visible . video out the new macbook pro has a dvi video output . an adapter is also included to output vga . there is an optional adapter available to output s_video and composite_video . furthermore , the dvi video out supports up to a 30 inch apple cinema_display ( or other comparable display ) . this gives you great possibilities . you can easily use your macbook pro on the road , but plug it into a keyboard , mouse , and huge display , when at your desk . the perfect all around system . memory this mac is a powerhouse and 1 gb of memory ( thats included ) will get you started nicely . however , you may consider adding even more memory at some point . the macbook pro supports up to 2 gb of memory . it uses pc5300 ddr2 sodimm modules . applications apple includes ilife '06 , which has iphoto , imovie , iweb , idvd , and garageband . there is the safari web_browser , the always useful ical , addressbook , ichat , etc . overall , i was pleased with the included_software . ilife 06 is particularly great . i love the new full screen photo_editing , photo comparing , etc . you can now also order calendars and greeting_cards made with your photos , direct from apple , by using the iphoto software . imovie has new themes , which helps make professional looking home_movies , and idvd now supports widescreen dvds . iweb is a brand new applications , which makes it easy to create professional quality webpages , quickly . i ca n't wait to rebuild by site using iweb . apple continues to make it easy to create music , manage your digital images , make movies , and create web_sites . a trial ( 30 day ) of iwork '06 is also included , which includes the page_layout program pages , and the presentation_program keynote ( which makes presentations that blow away presentations made by rival powerpoint ) . hard_drive this model of the macbook pro includes a 100 gb_5400_rpm_hard_drive . this is going to be sufficient for most people to hold their photographs , music , and some videos . however , others will need more space , so you can always use an external_drive , when at your desk . it is also important that you remember to backup your important files to either another external_hard_drive , or dvds . i only point this out because today with great machines like the macbook pro we 're storing more of our great memories on computers than ever before , so make sure you do n't lose them , if something happens to your machine . apple includes a great backup program_called backup 3 , if you subscribe to the . mac service . i use it all the time , and it simple interface helps me keep peace of mind . superdrive the optical_drive included with the new macbook pro allows you to watch dvds , listen_to_music , burn_dvds , and burn_cds . it is a slot_loading drive , so the disks slide magically in and out of the computer 's right side . there are no drawers to break off . note the drive does not burn dual_layer dvds . front row experience apple has included a new software title that at this time is only available on the imac , mac_mini , and macbook pro . front row . front row comes with your macbook pro , and a remote_control is also included . front row allows you to watch and listen to media items , on your computer , from across the room . click one button on the remote , and bring up front row , for quick_access to your music , movies , podcasts , dvd , and more . i like this feature , but i wonder how useful it is , since i 'm usually sitting right in front of the computer and can just use a mouse , to access this content . powerpc applications on intel machineif you own a lot of software for mac , then most of it is probably compiled for powerpc . developers are working hard to make titles run natively on both intel and powerpc , but many titles are not yet ready . however , many titles you can use on an intel mac because apple has included rosetta , which translates the powerpc code into something the intel machine can read . however , you never see rosetta for it works quietly in the background and makes running powerpc applications seamless . microsoft office , for example , works_perfect under rosetta . intensive_applications such as photoshop will run under rosetta , but it will be slower until adobe has an intel compiled version of photoshop . rosetta does work and if you add memory to your imac , you may find such application somewhat equal to how it would perform on a 1ghz powerpc g4 , from my experience . two titles i use eyetv and toast 7 are not yet compiled for intel , but they run fine on my intel mac , under rosetta . again , you do n't have to open anything special to use rosetta . your mac knows when it needs it and uses it . wireless the macbook pro can still connect_wirelessly to networks using its included airport card . furthermore , it features a bluetooth module to connect_wirelessly to devices . design this macbook pro is beautiful , and you notice the quality as soon as you begin to open the box . it is packaged with care , in beautiful packaging . the macbook pro is thin , and the display is beautiful . the mag_safe power_connector is another amazing design feature on this machine . if someone or something pulls on the power_cord connected to your notebook , instead of the notebook flying , the magnet on the connector releases , leaving your macbook pro safe . overall , i am very excited about the macbook pro . it is incredibly_fast on intel native applications , and it does a very good job running powerpc applications . if you 're upgrading from a g4 mac like myself , this machine will seem to fly . if you 're upgrading from a g5 based mac , it will be faster on native applications , but the increase in performance will be less significant to you . the intel machines are the future of apple , so there is no question this is a good machine , and it is powerful enough to be a good computer , for quite some time . i 'm happy with my purchase , and i look forward to continue exploring my intel mac in the coming days
after the hype of the keynote in san_francisco in january , i decided to finally take the plunge and revisit the world of apple after an absentia of 20 years . yes , my last apple was a 48kb iie . so here is my mini review after 1 week of use . packaging and aesthetics excellent , light weight , fantastic build_quality . lcd display nice , but not as nice as the fujitsu sony 'sos very nice os compared to windows_xp . easy to use . but one big caveat . i am surprised that os x took up so much space ! found a 2gb folder with nothing but printer drivers . iworks is 2gb nb ms_office is only 561 mb . on a fresh mbp , almost 20 gb of harddisk spaced used at the outset .... so for all those who think windows is bloatware think again . os x might be worse in this respect . battery_life average 3hrs of use . 2hrs if playing a dvd . features pros isight built in . magsafe to prevent my 4 year old from tripping . remote_control ! cons where is the fw 800 , dual_layer burner and my modem ! performance fast with optimized universal_binary software . packaged software pros ilife 06 great ! , front row fantastic , dashboard ! cons should have bundled iworks for free rather than just a trial . software availablity most stuff that you do on a pc is available . one big_hole is in the games dept though . overall , my conversion to the macworld has been an easy one although i have to admit i wo n't be throwing away my pc as the workplace remains pc only . conclusion a solid 4.5 stars
i have used macs off and on for many years , but i have exclusively owned pc 's only . since mac 's switch to the intel processor , it was easy to justify the price of macs , as now native programs ( programs for macs ) work far faster than the old powerpc processors . besides that , for those of you who do n't want to turn exclusively to macs , there is the dual_boot mode to run_windows . be prepared for lots of issues on that though . there is still a lot of un updated applications , and things will run slower than on a normal windows_pc . things should improve after updates , but this will take time . this is not the notebook for you if you are a hardcore pc gamer . the support is a long ways off for that . i am a pc gamer , but i have a pc exclusively for that . this is the notebook for you if you want to be able to run all the native mac apps and run them fast , all conveniently ready to go where ever you are . battery_life is ok . for having a dual_core_processor , it lasted_longer than i though at about 2 1 2 hrs . on non battery save mode ( less if running more intensive_programs ) . heat is hot . i am a lefty and using the touchpad on the left_hand side , it gets hot . also , do n't ever put this on your lap , even for casual use ( temps usually in the 60c 70c range ) . weight is a a bit heavy , but that is to be expected for the screen_size of the notebook . size is excellent . very thin for what it packs in it ! one bad " improvement " is the power_plug . it attaches through magnets instead of plugging into the notebook . this is great if you happen to trip a lot over your wires , but for most of us out there who do n't have that issue , it is a pain ! i use this notebook a lot on non flat areas , and it constantly unplugs . the smallest unstraightening of the plug will make it not be able to charge ( it can still be crookedly connected and not charge ) . one great thing about the macbook pro that i love is in order to right click , all i have to do is press the touchpad with two fingers . this is very convenient and allows me to be as lazy as clicking a pc 's right click_button . it becomes very natural . so basically , get this notebook if you want to run native apps like final_cut , and run them portably . do n't get this notebook if you want to run_windows on it ( wait for more support on intel macs ) , or if you are a pc gamer wanting to run pc games through windows on the mac . as for me , i am overall happy with my purchase . i got it for native mac apps .
i went to buy this laptop and i 'm still struggling to hear its fan as it 's really quiet . when i tried to lift it i was surprised to realise how light it was and i 'm still waiting for its battery to end . when i compared its trubrite screen next to m35x s309 i no longer had a doubt the screen really makes a difference . given that my old toshiba laptop had it for 2.5 years never presented an issue despite turning it on and then putting in to standby 10 times a day , this laptop looks like the best investment one can make at this period . ok , i 'll say a negative thing so that i do n't sound too positive . the keyboard could present greater resemblence to a desktop but this is not something that cannot be used in longer than a week .
i recieved my laptop last week and have been working it out ever since . i am an electroinc musician and i am running ableton_live 3.0 on it with no problems so far ( see ... for a sample of the music i 've created on this thing ) . transfering my files over from my old computer was no problem . i just plugged into my network router and downloaded all my files and mp3 's . installing all my music software was also no problem . i did have a little trouble installing the m_audio quattro software for my usb audio module , but that was mostly because of the crappy instruction manual from m_audio and not because of the laptop . the thing is damn fast ! i was previously running ableton_live on a 750 mhz amd athalon machine . often , my cpu usage bar would creep up to 70 or more . but these same tracks now only push_up the bar to about 15 . i can tweek effects , pile on the reverb and do live editing with no gapping , no freezing , no crashing and no spontaneous restarts ( all problems i was having with my old pc ) . the battery_life seems to be good . but so far , i 've only been watching_dvd 's on battery power . i can run a 2.5 hour_movie and still have 20 minutes of battery_life or so . the real test will be producing music on battery power which will be much more cpu intensive . the wide_screen monitor is beautiful , and i had no trouble setting up my old crt for using dual_monitors for added workspace . it is very simple to set it up in the control_panel . it seems though , that you need to set it up each time you want to use dual_monitors , but i could be wrong . i have n't really figured out all the ins and outs of this thing yet . so over all , this is a good , truly mobile , machine at a very fair price and i am quite pleased with it . if i have any problems with it in the future , i will update this review . edit aug 2005still very happy with my laptop . i have read about other people having wireless battery lockup problems . at this moment , i am unplugging the ac_adapter and switching to battery ... still typing . now at this moment i am plugging back in the ac_adapter ... no problems .. this has not been a problem at all on my system . i have competed in a laptop battle with this machine as well , running on batteries with no problems either . for a video of my battle performance see ... there are a couple problems i have noticed after about 6 months usage 1 . i am not sure but it seems the display is 'bleached' out towards the bottom and right sides of the screen . it is only really visable if the image showing is very dark and i have the lights off , and only when viewing at an angle . not sure what to think of this . i do n't know how long it 's been like this and it does n't seem to be worsening . it is a little upsetting but like i said , it is barely noticable . 2 . my wireless card does not always turn on after i switch it off . i have solved this problem by just never switching it off but again , it is a little upsetting . over all i am still very pleased with this machine . it is light . it is fast . and the display is ( for the most part ) beautiful . i am still producing music with it . i use it probably 50 60 hours a week and it almost never crashes . i noticed that costco now sells an updated version of of this machine for about 1400 and it has a 100gig hd instead of 80 , but i do n't_regret buying mine when i did . computers will always get better no matter how long you wait to buy .
i bought this a few days_ago and it has been working perfectally . the only reason why i rated it a_4 is that i have been having a hard time trusting to go with toshiba again . i had satellite 1955 s803 which broke in 3 years and i spent 2 , 400 . 00 on that ! this one was 1 , 699 . 99 which is n't too bad . i was either going to buy a hp pavilion dv1000 or this one . i thought i should go with this one because the screen was larger and it looked nicer . i thought when i walked out of the store that i had made a mistake but when i took it home i knew it was n't . i have n't used the dvd rw or cd rw combo_drive but i ca n't wait until i do . the speed of this notebook is very fast and it connected with my router right away . 512 mb ram is enough for me and in 2 years i will probably upgrade it to the highest that is on the market for notebooks . 80 gb is one of the highest hard_drive capacity you can find . the dv1000 had a 100 gb_hard_drive but i really do n't care . i would recommend this for someone who is on the go and wants good battery_life ( lasted about 3 or 4 hours ) or someone just wanting to buy a safe reliable computer .
anyone considering a purchase of a toshiba satellite series computer such as the m45 should run a search on the terms toshiba satellite overheating . my experience has been that toshiba does not stand by its products , cannot repair the chronic problems with this series and will not extend warranties or offer replacement to customers who have endured numerous " repairs . " the problem cited below with air circulation is well known to toshiba sat series sufferers and to toshiba , which has been taken to court over related issues on the 5005 , do a google . customer_service is horrid , out of the nixon white_house . the satellite series computers work well when they work . but toshiba should be in the lemon aide biz , not the computer biz . they do make good tvs , though .
when my sony grx 550 laptop crashed , i took it to best buy in boynton_beach , florida , and waited seven weeks while the geek_squad and i do mean geek decided whether to repair or replace it under a professional performance plan . seven weeks ! all those weeks of unanswered phone_calls and e mails made me mighty mad . when i finally got through by calling corporate and asking it to patch me through and threatened to tell my tale to local consumer reporters , the store managers miraculously and uncharacteristically made a smart move and gave me a brand spanking new toshiba m45 s331 . this machine outperforms my grx 550 by leaps and bounds , which i guess is to be expected in a newer computer . it has a bright_screen , fast_processor , plenty of memory 512 mb expandable to 2 gb dvd burner , and enough ports to satisfy the most demanding multi tasker . there 's also a built in wireless feature that i have n't tried yet . all that and it's quiet ! i mean it 's quiet . my old sony laptop clicked and whirred constantly . when i was researching machines to replace it after the crash , i listened to other sony laptops in best buy and found they had the same annoying habit . i do n't know exactly why my computer was so noisy it sounded like the hard_drive was talking to itself but i do know that it could be heard from every room in my apartment and often appeared as the soundtrack to my worst nightmares . after several weeks of heavy use , i can tell you i 'm very happy with my toshiba m45 s331 . if it keeps on running the way it is now for the next couple of years , i will be a toshiba loyalist . if it does n't , best buy sweetened the replacement deal with another three year professional performance plan , and you 'll probably be reading about another horrible ordeal trying to get them to make good on it . the only note of caution i have for buyers of the toshiba satellite m45 s331 is that it does not come with a parallel_port , which means if you have a printer with a parallel cord , you will have to buy one with a usb end to plug it into the computer . this could add about 20 bucks to the cost of the computer . happy computing .
the sony fs550 570 is a nice machine nice screen , slim_design , lots of features for home_users but lacks behind the competitor 's same offerings such as the fujistu n3500 series notebook . this is a great machine for home_users ... dual_layer_dvd burner is a plus , huge hard_drive , but battery_life is less than ideal . so if you travel and want a big_screen , this is the one to get . if you do alot of graphics work , such as 3d games or intentsive graphics design , try another alternative with a better graphics_card .
this is a great centrino notebook and amazon has a pretty good breakdown of the features . there are few things worth adding the wide xbrite screen is great to look at but it is also highly reflective . if you expect to use this in areas with strong direct light ( sunlight , direct halogen , etc ... ) you may find the glare bothers you . it is great in the diffuse light found in most offices and homes ( much better than standard lcds ) . if you are curious go check out this notebook or sony 's desktop lcd monitors in your local electronics store . tilt the screen around and check the affects of the lighting . compare that to the matte_screens used by other companies ( such as the hp4900 series or most view sonic monitors ) and think about where you will be using it . toshiba and hp have similar screens on some of their models ( such as the toshiba qosmio ) . the battery on this laptop is good , but not the longest life battery you will find ( you are looking at 2 3 hours of regular use , maybe 4 5 if you are n't hitting the wireless too hard ) . if battery_life is critical to you , this may not be your model ( for that your best bet from amazon would be a high end toshiba or hp with a 14 " screen and a 8 12 cell battery ) . if you are looking for a powerful notebook with an eye pleasing display , good aesthetics and decent_battery_life this model would be hard to beat .
the sony vaio vgn fs570 is another great notebook from sony . the appearance , at least to me , is a variant of the apple powerbook look , and is an aesthetically_pleasing design . immediately i was impressed with the 15 . 4 widescreen display , which using xbrite technology makes viewing text and images a pleasure ( i am used to an apple powerbook by comparison ) . importantly for me this variant of the new fs series has both a large 100 gb hd and 1gb of ram . this makes it perform well for most of the intensive_tasks you might want to run on it , for example dvd editing or using photoshop . in many respects it can fill the role of a desktop_replacement . in addition , i found battery_life was good for this notebook . using intel centrino mobile technology i was again impressed by the connectivity and wireless range of the vaio ( again in comparison to a powerbook ) . the bundled vaio software is good , and it makes the xp user_interface a pretty friendly experience for the uninitiated . overall i would rate this notebook very highly , both in terms of performance and aesthetic appearance .
i own a sony vaio laptop that i purchased in march of 2002 and as always keep true to form , sony has created another great_product . i must say that i truly adore my sony vaio vgn fs570 . it is very lightweight and very sleek . the screen is wide and bright . i am not a computer geek , but originally i was going to spend up to a 1000 more for an alienware laptop because i wanted a notebook that could handle pc games . and although i do n't get the top flight graphics_card as an ati geforce , i am still pretty happy at how the fs570 handles my sims2 game . what was most important for me was getting the 100 gb hd and 1gb of ram . most of the notebooks i checked that had those specs were more than up to 500 to 750 more than the fs570 . i was also fortunate to luck up on great mail in rebates , which dropped the notebook 's price down considerably . having a considerable amount of prepackaged software is unimportant to me , because the majority i probably will not use . although , i just recently_purchased this notebook ( 2 days_ago ) , i feel this is a great notebook at a great_price .
i know nothing about mhz , ram or balh balh burning time . when i was looking for a lap top i told the sales person i just want a computer i can use to get online and check my emails and not get knock off . the 1st lap top i owned a 2001 hp pavilion ( paid 2 , 200 ) when i put it on my lap to type it would burn my leg ( it always had to be on table ) . i constantly got knock off line if i ran more then one application the hp would lock up and the battier would die after 2hours of use , i really hated using it . with the sony vaio fs570 ( which cost less ) i am very happy with this notebook , when i put it on my lap to type it 's cold , and using the wireless_internet ( i can use my lap top in any room in my house and i do n't have to plug into a phone jack ) is so neat . and i had my notebook on for 6 ( using power_save_mode ) before needing to recharge and the screen is huge very eye pleasing when viewing 8x10 of family photos . and it has n't lock up yet and being able to turn down the brightness on the screen in dark_room with one touch is easy ! ! i have no complaints about this computer at all . if your not a computer junky , and do n't care about ram , burning time etc ... and you just want a thin , cool looking , fun notebook you 'll love this computer the power and speed is unbelievable ! !
its almost 4 years since i bot this one . the pros are nice screen .. hmm thinking what else ... however the cons made me give this a_4 rating . non upgradable hdd and ram ( hdd merged with cpu board ) no mike
net net 1 ) great ! for web_surfing , managing editing multi_media ( especially stills videos of the kids ) , and ms_office apps2 ) good to okay for gamers ( half_life does well , but doom 3 and everquest 2 can get bogged down ) 3 ) this is my 9th machine for home use ( 9 desktops 2 laptops ) and my 2nd sony . based upon experiences with previous purchases and manufacturers , after owning this laptop for three days now ( but already well in excess of 20 hours of usage ) i would whole heartedly recommend this to family and friends . the following are the pros_and_cons ... pros ... super_simple set up took me less than half an hour to open the box , configure the system , and establish an internet connection through my home based , wep enabled 802 . 11g wireless network stunning graphics display ( 1200 x 800 resolution is awesome ! ) lightening_fast handling of ms_office applications ( a 60 day trial_version of ms_office outlook , word , excel , powerpoint is pre_loaded ) fit_and_finish are bmw like ( i . e. , high speed , low drag ) extremely nice touch for sony to have preloaded a decent anti spyware application ( spysubtract ) and norton_security ( 3 month trial_version ) a couple reviewers have maligned the 128 mb intel graphics_card , but using an idependent test site ( pcpitstop . com ) , the graphics_card received extremely high marks over all configuration performance are similar to machines costing several hundred more ( somewhat unusal for a premium brand like sony ) keyboard action is sweeeet so is the big and fat 100gb hard_drive ( ca n't ever imagine having the content to fill it up ! ) comsumer 's union ( publisher of consumer reports ) continually gives sony high marks for build qualitycons ... sony 's knucklheaded bean counters decided to save_money by equipping the machine with a_7 foot power_cord i have never ( and i mean never ever ) seen a machine in this price tier come with such a short powercord ( my dell that i use for work came with a_12 foot powercord ) i now have to make a 2nd trip to the store to rectify this albiet small , but nevertheless disappointing shortcoming i am surprised that the built in speakers are just this side of acceptable ( that 's okay as i live for searching amazon for fun peripherals ! ) i am also somewhat surprised that there are so few hot ( a . k.a . quick connect ) buttons for multi_media and internet apps ( just two ! ) many other machines come with half a dozen or more would like to see more free_software preloaded ( this seems to be an issue with most of sony 's machines laptop and desktop high end and low_end ) touch_pad takes a little getting used to ( not quite sensitive enough at the default_setting ) hope this helped with your search for a new machine !
one of my several girlfriends wanted me to research a good notebook computer for her to buy . the requirements she wanted reminded me of what she likes in her men . it had to be powerful , play games , good company for dvd movies , not too expensive or high maintenance , look cute and last but not least perform . anyhow , during my research i decided i wanted a notebook computer of my own . i do a lot of digital_photography and editing in photoshop and my old desktop just could n't work with the current version of photoshop ( cs2 ) so i had to work with a couple versions previous to that . my requirements for a notebook was at least 528mb ram , 60gb hard_drive , dvd r , wireless card , a decent monitor , good brand , and most of all light . i 've had a notebook computer about 10 years_ago and one of the main_reasons i never lugged it around much was because it was fairly_heavy not that i 'm a sissy boy or anything . my research narrowed the selection down to a hp pavilion 6000 or an averatec av3270 . the pavilion was a tad more powerful but heavy . the averatec was just slightly_slower but only 4.5 lbs both looked very cool ! the averatec won out and i placed my order for next day delivery . due to billing changes and the ups man not waiting at the door long enough after a quick ring , i had to wait several days until arrival . during those days , i was n't too sure if i still wanted the averatec anymore and was considering the hp again . i 'm so fickle hence me balancing a multitude of ladies . when i got the box , i opened the package and made sure i kept the insert between the monitor and keyboard . it 's very important because notebook lcd screens tend to get get indentations and scratches from the keyboard . they even sell notebook monitor protectors for upwards of 10 bucks if you look around the net . after turning it on , you get asked to register some products such as symantec antivirus and other stuff . i just bypassed any registrations . i popped in a dvd to make sure it worked and it did like a charm . second thing to test was the wireless connectivity . i had just setup a wireless network the previous day and the wireless connectivity also worked like a charm . heck , it even got the neighbor 's wireless network named " precious . " if she 's female , i should drop by and borrow some sugar sometime . i did n't have much time to play with the laptop since i was entertaining a lady friend that evening and had to go to work the next day therefore my playtime with the notebook was only a few hours . i did n't want to customize the laptop too much from factory condition since i was still unsure if i was to keep it . overnight i decided to let the battery calibrate . this took several hours as i slept . the next day , i threw my notebook into the leather briefcase and drove to work . at work , the first order of the day was to calibration the fan which took about 20 minutes . something still bothered me about the averatec which was windows_xp home_edition . i work in it so having some components missing found in the pro edition like remote_desktop and other features had me itching to upgrade . i still was n't committed yet and did n't want to upgrade to xp pro unless this machine passed one final hurdle . i installed the latest photoshop cs2 . photoshop installed and performed better than i had expected . i was concerned about the rated 1 . 6mhz and only 528mb ram but it 's true to the model number of the chip ( amd 2800 ) similar to that of a p4 2 . 8ghz . another deal sealer was running a program that converts raw images from my canon slr to jpgs . this little laptop is faster at performing functions than my it desktop computer at work running a p4 2.4 ghz with 1gb_ram . of course , my desktop multitasks better because of more ram but this laptop runs like a mini champ . that sealed the deal for me to keep this av3270 and i decided to upgrade to xp pro that next morning after receiving the notebook . i first crossed my fingers , downloaded all the drivers from the averatec website , installed xp pro , then installed each driver one by one . it went without a hitch . the next semi major task was partitioning the hard_drive since photoshop and windows likes a separate drive for cache . i installed partition magic and now i 'm working with a c drive of 12gb for the os and an e drive of 40gb for data . what happened to the rest of the gigabytes ? i 'm told it 's on a hidden_partition to restore this laptop to factory condition . unfortunately partition magic did n't detect it so i could n't assimilate it for more space . that night , i decided to test the wireless after meeting up with yet another girlfriend . around her neighborhood , i found several unsecured wireless hot_spots . i would just park on the side of the road and connect . it 's that easy though possibly illegal . i did n't steal any credit_cards or tap into anyone 's computer or anything , just responded to some instant messges from my other women . one thing i 'm noticing with the keyboard is that it 's silent ! it 's great for taking to class if i ever decide to go back to school . also , i remember my girlfriend always getting angry at me if she heard me typing away on the keyboard while talking to her on the phone . she had a right to be mad knowing i was flirting via instant_message with other girls on the net . with the silent keyboard , i can multi_task and flirt with a girl via phone and instant_message at the same time ! anyhow , to complete my test of all functions i needed to burn a dvd . i have full seasons video of television programs filling up my desktop hard drivei burned 4.2 gigabytes of files to dvd over the wireless network . granted , it took just under an hour but i guess using a network cable would be better next time for faster transfer_speeds to my notebook dvd burner . pros light , speedy , respectable ram and hard_drive size , slient keyboard , good wireless reception , dvd rw , good monitorcons keyboard kinda cramped especially number_keys up top . i need to look at the keys more often than normal to avoid fat fingering . tips i upgraded to 1gb_ram a couple_weeks after purchase which made multitasking much easier . this should also save battery power with less accesses to the hard_drive .
i have used the averatec 3720 for a bit over two weeks and i am more than pleased . screen is very easy on the eyes and sharp even in the sunlight . at first when i compared the screen on this unit to other laptops with reflective screens , this one looked a bit washed out . but in practice , the reflected screens do exactly that reflect alot . this screen is easy on the eyes , bright and sharp . the wireless is great and i have had no problems linking to wireless systems while traveling . the keyboard is fine as is the speed of the cpu . i have no complaints and highly reccomend this laptop . the fact that it was 699 . 00 at staples was just icing on the cake .
i just received the averatec av3270 ee1 , and here are my first impressions i 've uploaded photos of everything that was included , including screen_shots of the laptop itself . at first glance , it looks somewhat solid . the casing , as stated by averatec , is 1 " thin , and made of magnesium_alloy . the outside of the case ( behind the lcd ) was a little scathed on arrival , not too noticable but nonetheless not something you 'd expect in a brand new laptop . the keyboard portion of the casing looks very sleek . because this is a_12 . 1 " laptop , the keyboard is a but scrunched , though surprisingly not too bad ! the battery extends out a little in the back , but not too much . there are 3 usb ports located on the right side of the laptop , next to the cd_dvd writer , with the power_plug at the rear of the right side . the 4 in 1 memory_card reader is located at the front of the laptop , next to the latch to open up the laptop . the vga output is located on the left side , alongside the modem network , and a pc_card slot . to get a better idea of how it looks , view the images i have uploaded . the internal wireless card detected my network instantly after setup . it seems to be fairly strong compared to my wireless pcmcia cards . there is a button to enable disable the wireless , located next to the power_button . its a feature that is good to have , and can be found in many of the newer laptops today . sound quality is decent for a laptop , better than my old dell laptop , but certainly not the best . the screen is nice , but is somewhat difficult to see outdoors in sunlight too much glare ! this laptop is no speed_demon . however , it will be more than suitable for people using it for word_processing , web_surfing , and checking e mails . contrary to the review by hans devente on may 15 , 2005 , the total hard_disk size shown is 53 . 0 gb , and free space is 49 . 5 gb . i have uploaded a screenshot . but he is correct , there is no physical recovery_cd , nor is there an actual windows_xp cd . there was no physical product manual included the manual is located on the desktop of the system in the form of a pdf file . averatec 's reasoning within the packaging , it states that averatec wants to be more environmentally_friendly . included are several pre_installed_software . cyberlink 's powerdvd power2go powerproducer medi show , phoenix firstwave recover pro 2004 ( recovery software ) , apple itunes , apple quicktime 6.5 . 1 , microsoft works , adobe acrobat reader 6 . 0 , microsoft office powerpoint viewer 2003 , netzero platinum , and symantec norton_antivirus . upon the first bootup , several of these applications popped up asking to be registered . norton encountered an error , and stated that it should be uninstalled re installed . this may just be an isolated incident . most , if not all , retail desktops laptops come with a bunch of this " junk " pre_loaded . overall , the laptop has met my expectations for a sub 1k laptop from a relatively unknown brand , and those expectations were relatively low . for the price , i rated it 4 stars because of the issues i encountered . for those of you that are looking for a cheap full featured lightweight laptop , look no further as this laptop fits the bill . however , if you demand the best , and have high expectations , look elsewhere . edit after playing with the laptop for two weeks , i have found the laptop to be a bit sluggish . slower than i expected , but it still gets the job done .
i had been reluctant to adapt to notebook pcs due to the small keyboards and most laptops notebooks are not really either small nor light . i bought mine as if by love at first sight , beautifull siver , 1 " thick and 4.5 lbs in weight , it stood out on the shelf . the averatec is fast enough so that you really wo n't miss ultra_fast processing ( would n't make sense to expect workstation or gamestation ultra speed in a notebook for the road ) i would think . it 's a problem of definition , for me a " portable pc " is just what averatec packages in the 3270 , the best performance you can get economically . with a 60 80 gb hd , dvd burner , wireless card , small and light frame , 2.5 hour_battery , great screen , 512 mb memory ... i watch dvd 's , browse , work with photoshop , listen_to_music and get asked frequently " what pc is that ... for how much .. ? it does perfectly well all that is not " extreme " , but then again , how much extreme do you need .. ? makes me feel great . i dumped my toshiba satellite and would n't pay 2000 bucks for a replacement , i tell you . but got mine for 900 . 00 and got a 150 bucks rebate . need to have the fastestes or most expensive .. ? do n't look here . need a portable pc ... ? get an averatec !
i hoped for a lot more from this laptop . it looks decent on paper but it 's a very poor performing machine . it is so fragile i am afraid to pick it up . it performs all the basics like surfing and basic apps but ca n't run too many processes at the same time . the video_and_audio quality are poor . it came with no recovery_disks or instructions . i ca n't get a decent wireless signal no matter how close i get . the plastic case scratches_easily . maybe for 500 i would give it 3 stars . i am returning it before the 2 week trial_period expires .
i 've had several laptops , including brands like toshiba , compaq and hp ... and this one has the same or more arguments to compete against all of them , but at half the price .... i 've always been an intel guy , this is the very first time i ever had a computer with amd processor . let me tell you that i 'm falling in love with this one , because when i bought this little rocket , i still had my last laptop , a toshiba with intel_pentium 4 running at 2 mhz .... my new laptop beated the toshiba in every way . first , it loads programs faster , heats way lower than the toshiba and battery lasts one more hour ... i would recommend this laptop to anyone .... do n't pay the double for a " premium brand " , because the only thing you will get is that ... the brand .
nice looking machine , but obviously nobody even looked to see if it worked before sending it to me . 1 it would not boot up in xp , just froze at every attempt . 2 the battery would not charge , as clearly shown by the indicator_light . i was able to fix the boot up by going to safe_mode and running defrag and scandisk . the battery problem was not fixable it is simply defective . despite all the trouble , i 'd still like to keep the machine , but there is no option to replace the battery only . there 's no " contact seller " button available for this transaction and all i am left to do is return it . whole effort waste of time . i hate wastes of time !
i will use this laptop as a information storage and retrieval system . it is still powerful to do presentations . surprisingly enough it comes with win office , albeit , an older_version , but it works . i.m impressed .
i bought this for my two grade school children to play educational mathematics games on line . i did simultaneously order a 1 gb_memory card to increase memory size , which was easy enough to install ( remove 512 mg chip by unscrewing hatch on bottom of computer insert replacement chip . done ) . that only added 12 to the total . it works_fine for the limited tasks i want it to do . cosmetically in perfect condition . screen is in good shape . the one odd thing that caught my attention had to do with one software program that was installed , which i had not expected to be installed powerpoint . i was glad to have it , but there were a few fragments of old powerpoint presentations still on the machine , from some business that had owned the computer before . it was n't much , but usually refurbished computers wo n't have anyone 's old data at all . keep in mind that by current standards , the disk_drive is small and the processor is slow . still , my two kids_love it . they had wanted a " real computer " of their own , and now they have one .
i would give this ibm thinkpad t43 a_10 star if they were to give it to me ! using it now . i immediately upgraded to 2 gb_ram . i also bought more caddys and 3 more hard_drives . i have purchased about everything that is available for this thinkpad do not buy the cheaper ultrabay hard_drive sled junk ! ! and you 'll fight with it going in and out . buy the ibm , do yourself a real favor ! you can go to the ibm website for this thinkpad and download all of the software and bios upgrades for this laptop . originally the bios is version 1.0 or 1 . 09 there is a version 1 . 29 which upgrades the bios to a 2009 model year . the last year for this laptop was 12 2005would i buy one again ? you betcha ! mine has the 128mb video and is the 15 inch_monitor ! i use this laptop more than my three desktop_pc 's which are way more powerful than this laptop . but the laptop is so handy ! i paid i thin 130 . and is worth every bit of it this one is an off lease . i do n't think it was used much by the leaser . it looked new when i got it . i have been running a 40 gb_hard_drive with linux mint 14 and love it ! ubuntu is okay , but there are a lot of not well thought out stuff and some things do n't work where as linux mint , it does ! i have found a few other linux distros that work very well with the laptop too . i am looking at buying another t43 , yea ! i love it that much !
this is a great_product . very light , can fit in my work bag . worked_perfectly and it came it as new . sadly it was stolen at school but i will recommend it to anyone . i actually miss it .
for a friend whose old pc broke down , this is a serviceable replacement . it is n't the latest tech , but who cares ? it is a windows_xp laptop . it runs almost anything . it 'll do .
this laptop is amazing . if your looking for a good and cheap deal on a computer this laptops for you . with so upgrades and adjustments its amazing
had it for a week now , for less than 200 , it worked_great . i installed windows_7 , arrived with 1 . 5gb ram , so it operates all tasks as net , office and movies . everything works well
i 've had this laptop for a while now and all i can say is " wow ! " it is a spectacular piece_of_machinery , it can take a hit and still operate with no problems . never been through a hard_drive with this thing , always reliable and ready . best laptop that money can buy !
i purchased for a customer to use as a labeling system . perfect for the use relatively fast , everything worked and delivery was quick . i 'm looking to buy more .
this computer does everything i need surf the web , write e mails , watch movies , create backup_dvds of data , and synchronize with my smartphone . the keyboard is great , screen is good and overall quality is very good .
i 'm tempted to award five stars , but there are a few issues with this very good and affordable laptop . first , do n't believe the technical_details data on the 802 . 11 wifi . i got mine from u.s . micro and could n't get the wifi working . an email from their tech_support stated that they check their machines for wifi card being installed before they ship , but sometimes they forget . i got one without the wifi circuit card , and they promptly replaced the laptop with another that did . just remember , amazon 's t43 web_page indicates wifi as being a built in feature , but it is not . you need to check with the seller before you buy . also need to make sure it comes with the correct driver installed , otherwise you 'll need another computer to download it . ( note according to u.s . micro , there are two possible wifi cards , the ibm and the intel . you need to install the correct driver for your particular wifi circuit card ) who knows what else might be listed as a standard feature , but is n't really ? i ca n't tell yet everything else seems to work okay so far on my machine . the t43 can come in various configurations , and it comes in two different screen_sizes ( 14 . 1 inch and 15 inch ) . this laptop gets pretty_hot after 30 minutes or so . two usb ports is a little skimpy for some people . consider a usb hub , or the t60 t61 which has three usb ports . other than usb , has oodles of i o ports , even a good old fashioned irda for hotsyncing my clie and handera pdas . otherwise , this is a reliable and solidly_built computer . good performance even being some 7 years old . a champ ! ( never imagined i 'd be calling myself an ibmer 30 years after the 5150 pc displaced my beloved trs_80 model 4 as the reigning best computer in the world )
the apple ibook g4 is possibly the best all around laptop yet made . this would explain its extremely long lifespan as the entry_level portable mac . the 1 . 42 ghz model with superdrive was my first mac and laptop , and is the machine on which this review is being written . needless to say , i have enjoyed owning it , and will be upset to part with it in favour of a macbook when the time comes .
what can i say . i have been a mac_user for years , and they just keep getting better and cheaper . this laptop is an excellent value , and you will not be dissapointed . i am writing this review on my ibook , as i use it every day for school and work . i am a graphic artist besides being a computer science student , and this machine has enough power to do anything i can throw at it . i upgraded to 1.5 gb_of_ram , and i definately recommend that . other than that my ibook is stock . i daily use photoshop , in design , and illustrator , as well as xcode for programming . i have composed tens of hours of digital_video on this machine as well . the 60gb hard_drive , with all my software installed ( about 15 gigs ) will still hold 3 4 hours of dv quality video ( 25mb second ) . airport ( wireless ) performance is awesome . the antenna is located at the top of the screen , instead of in the base of the laptop like cheaper intel based pcs . the wireless performance is even better compared to power books . i can get a signal when none of my friends pc laptops can . if you use unix linux , and are looking for an alternative to running_windows and or linux , you will be excited to learn that mac_os x is based on bsd unix . with the click of a button , you get a full terminal , with all the power you are looking for . if you want to compile and run your own programs , install the include xcode tools , which comes with gcc compilers and x11 ( xwindows server ) . i run and maintain tens of unix servers , as well as a unix powered supercomputer , and i use my ibook to access these machines from anywhere in the world , securely and effeciently . try that with a windows_pc . sure , you can get windows applications to do so ( and i have used them ) , but os x comes with them built in , and integrated into the operating system . want to connect to a secure ftp server ( sftp ) , no problem . just type in sftp into the network browser , and you are connected , like that ! highly highly highly_recommend . 10 stars !
finally this just came through and i am honestly amazed by this machine . let me discuss dirst why i went for this machine ( i have 3 xp desktops and 1 notebook from the office ) 1 . i just enrolled in a distance_learning course and wanted an independent light machine to work on for school only2 . this was perfectly priced for my budget3 . needed to easliy connect in my apartment 's wireless network4 . i love the zoom_feature in mac ( i have vision problems looking small fonts . in windows this is not a standard featre and u cant enlarge eveything on all applications ) 4 . mac is still virus free ! i honestly do n't care what they say about the viruses situation . let the truth be told so even if mac viruses picked up in the last few months , it can never compare to the ongoing agony on xp machines ( if anyone is counting on numbers of spy wear , viruses , registry corrupters etc on xp . please check the stats with nsa ! ) i frankly just want a pc that works and does n't require infamous dll error fixers ! buying more registry cleaning programsbuying more antivirus junkbuying more anti spy wear junketcthis little machine is perfect for anyone who wants to work on internet word_processing presentations spreadsheets ( although u might want to pickup an ms_office for mac . )
all i can say is that this is the perfect laptop , my track record along with all thepositive reviews here must say something . i must make note of the one reviewerwho could n't understand why his hard_drive had 20gb 's filled up . this goesto show that apple offers plenty of extras loaded on the hd and the factthat trouble_free osx uses a little more space than windows . plug in almostany camera , printer , scaner or anything and chances are your ibook will loadwithout adding software , all these drivers save much time and frustrationand well worth the little space on the hd . yes , if your picky about this or thatanyone can find fault with anything but try to find a better laptop for themoney you 'll be hard pressed to come close to the ibook . pc users with an open mind will soon discover why mac 's are lovedaround the world , join the family of happy ibook owners and enjoy !
i will be attending law_school in august , and i needed a laptop , something i 've never researched before . when i began looking both online and in stores , this apple ibook came back with every option i required . let me be honest i was a windows elitist . if it was n't hacked up from the bowels of microsoft , i had no interest in it . macs were just computers with training wheels . how wrong i was . i finally , after much internal debate as well as research into cross compatibility with my desktop_pc ( it is fully compatible ) bought this ibook . i was especially attracted to the reputation macs have for relaibility , which is a must for me . also , the external casing feels so much more solid than the toshibas and hp 's i was looking at . so i took the plunge . i 've used mac products before , so os navigation was n't too bad of a transition . i should say that if you are concerned about learning a new os , do n't be . os x tiger falls over itself to be easy to use and intuitive . what do i mean by intuitive ? your files end up where you think they should . they are always in easy reach . the interface ( or gui ) is a work of art both asthetically and functionally . do n't buy a mac if you want to play the latest videogames . do buy a mac if you want a computer that will do anything a windows will do with a minimum of fuss that makes usage actually enjoyable . when i first got this baby home and turned it on , it automatically detected my linksys g wireless_router and connected to the internet . it then updated all of the programs on the hard_drive , and had me enter a password ( which was the same as my itunes account , making things simpler . that was it . seriously . it took ten minutes tops , and i was up and running . no need to worry about virus protection or third party software working on my computer . i was ready to roll ! that 's the simplicity that makes me recommend this machine to whoever is reading this . do yourself a favor poney up the extra_money for a mac once you 're up and running , you may never look back at windows again ( except , of course , for games ! )
i am really , really happy with my ibook , after years using pcs . i just finished a major project for work , a_7 minute video . imovie , idvd , itunes and garageband all contributed to the project . after doing the same thing last year on a pc , i was surprised at how easy and fun ! it was on the ibook . david pogue 's book imovie hd was an invaluable helper in the project . after using a dell laptop for years , i am impressed by the way the ibook instantly is ready to use on opening the display , and how the ibook usually runs silently . too , the battery_life is very pleasing . the integration of the ilife applications , the elegance of os x , the attention to beauty in the interface , screen savers and design of the ibook , all make it a delight to use . when i plugged it into an external projector , it simply worked instantly , unlike the difficulties i 've had with dells and toshibas . i 'm really impressed , and wish i had switched years_ago . i added half a gig_of_ram for about 50 , which improved performance considerably . however , the ibook was quite functional with the 512 megs it comes with . wireless networking is really easy our various worksites have wifi , and i just open the ibook and it logs on , easy as pie . battery_life is such that i can do a full day of work on the battery , if need be ( not 8 hours_of_battery_life , but probably 4 hours of use , since i 'm not using the computer every minute ) . i bought an extra power_supply for my office work station and keep one at home as well . the only con i 'll offer is that the ibook does n't readily support outlook , which i used to live within in the dell days . the closest equivalent i 've found is entourage , which is not in the same class . one can emulate windows_xp on the ibook ( in fact , my employer has provided me with a licensed copy of the software to do so ) , but i 've found the palm desktop and the built in email client to suffice .
i 've had a_12 " ibook g4 since 2005 and it 's still my favorite notebook for browsing the internet , writing letters , and even reading pdf 's . it 's very lightweight and i consider the screen the perfect_size . it 's held up very well . one of the keys has a hairline crack and one of the rubber feet on the bottom fell off but i clean it every month or so and it still looks almost new . my only criticism is that it gets a little warm so i keep it on top of a clipboard when holding it in my lap . no viruses , no crashes , no worries . when netbooks started becoming popular a couple of years_ago , i had to laugh because i already have a lightweight , handy netbook . in fact , i 'm using it right now to write this review . given a choice between a new asus or dell netbook or a used ibook g4 for the same price , i would take the g4 without thinking about it for a second .
i love my ibook so much . not only is it easy to use , but its really cute . i 've always been a mac_user , but have had to use pcs a lot for school and can honestly say macs make so much more sense . plus , my mac has never crashed on my or ate any of my papers , etc . i have convinced some of my pc friends to switch to mac and none of them regret it . i know the price is a little more , but the quality and constumer servies are just so much better then what you get in the pc world . so , buy a mac and carry it around with you !
the ibook g4 line has been incredibly successful , for apple . why ? it combines a beautiful and sleek form_factor , while at the same time being a machine capable of getting your tasks completed . improvements what were the improvements in the july 2005 update to ibook ? faster_processor the g4 chip was increased in the 14 inch_model , from 1 . 33 ghz to 1 . 42ghz . big improvement ? no , but it is good to always improve_performance . the system bus speed in the 14 inch ibook was also increased , from 133mhz to 142mhz . more memory the memory in the ibook has been doubled , with a now standard 512 mb ddr_sdram , which speeds up your entire experience on the ibook , particularly , when multi_tasking . the ibook also has an open user accessible slot , where you can add 256 mb , 512 mb , or an entire gigabyte of ddr_sdram . however , the now standard 512 mb , allows the majority of users to fully appreciate the ibook out of the box . store more stuff the hard_drive has been increased to 60 gb , from the 40 gb that was previously standard on the 14 inch . this is important , for people are constantly putting more music , photos , and applications on their systems . this hard_drive will hold thousands of songs and photos , but video takes up space fast , so be careful with that . even more wireless airport extreme , for wireless networking , continues to be standard , but apple has also made bluetooth technology standard , with this ibook . bluetooth allows you to use wireless bluetooth mice , keyboards , mobile_phones , etc . it is a great technology and helps to clean up your desktop by doing away with some of the cords . core_image compatible the new ibook g4 's_video card is an ati mobility radeon 9550 , which is core_image compatible . this allows you to take advantage of mac_os_x_tiger 's core_image technology , including the well known " droplet " effect , when you open a widget . the great ibook features that continue to shine a buyer of the ibook will continue to enjoy mac_os_x_tiger , which is the best consumer operating system in the world . it works_seamlessly with the hardware to provide a simple , fast , elegant , and reliable experience . one of the favorite descriptions of mac fans , to describe macs , is simply , " it just works . " the ibook continues to include ilife '05 , with great applications such as iphoto , imovie hd , idvd , itunes , and garageband . these are all included , with every ibook g4 . you will be challenged to find any pc notebook that includes applications that come anywhere close to the ilife suite . manage thousands of your digital images in iphoto , create home_movies in imovie , and create professional music in garageband . appleworks is included for simply word_processing , spreadsheets , etc . , but you might want to pick up microsoft office for mac . a student teacher edition is available , for just over 100 . superdrive the apple superdrive allows you to burn music and data cds , plus you can burn your own dvds ! edit home videos in imovie , put together a beautiful dvd menu to access those home_movies in idvd , and then burn it all to dvd ! furthermore , you can use your superdrive to back up important data to dvd . form_factor the ibook 's strong , white casing is rugged . it is , unfortunately , prone to scratching , so be careful . however , the ibook is strong , and there are many stories of it taking a beating , but kept on performing . drawbacks ? the 14 inch ibook g4 has a drawback when it comes to video output options . the 14 inch ibook only supports mirroring to an external_display , and you cannot close the ibook , while connected to an external_display , or it goes to sleep . furthermore , the ibook splits the video memory between an external_display and its on built in lcd , no matter what you do . the external_display is also limited to 1024x768 , since it mirrors the ibook 's own display . what does this mean ? if you want a notebook that works_beautifully with a big external_display , when you 're back at your desk , then you probably do not want an ibook . however , if you 're going to use the ibook as its intended , as a notebook computer , it is a fantastic choice . furthermore , the 14 . 1 " display runs at a resolution of only 1024x768 . this is not a particularly high resolution . in fact , it is the same resolution as the 12 inch ibook . this means you will not fit anything more onto 14 inch ibook display than you would the 12 inch display . the 14 inch display simply makes things look bigger , which is an advantage , if you have a difficult time seeing things up close . overall , the july 2005 update to the ibook g4 has made apple 's consumer notebook even more competitive in the market . it is faster , has more memory , a bigger hard_drive , and bluetooth technology built in . furthermore , you 'll continue to enjoy mac_os_x_tiger , ilife '05 , and the other great macintosh applications . the 14 inch ibook does not offer any more screen_real_estate than the 12 inch_model , but things will appear larger , for those with poor eyesight . of course , a larger_size and slight increase in weight are consequences of the larger screen , but you are also rewarded with a standard superdrive for burning dvds , which is not even an option on the 12 inch ibook . the new ibook g4 is a brilliant machine , and it is sure to find its way onto many desks in the coming months .
two reasons why this unit does not get five stars 1 . it 's a compaq . hp should have the lance_armstrong special_edition be it 's most powerful and robust model .... as lance is ... 2 . the case material shows every fingerprint that touches it and must be cleaned daily ... otherwise this is a good little laptop and for less than 1k , a good buy ... lynn stubblefield , nashville , tn
this is the best portable you can get for your money . no doubts in speed , capacity and processing .
the hp lance_armstrong special_edition notebook is a lot of computer for the price . it has every feature and capacity that i wanted , including an onboard bluetooth modem . it has wifi too . the hp l2005us is a good looking laptop and is light in weight . the wide rectangle shape and briteview screen gives the computer a modern appearance . the amd turion 64 processor seemed as functional as any intel product . the hard_drive was large by laptop standards and there was plenty of ram . the machine has more ports and slots than i have ever seen on a mid_range laptop including a 6 in 1 digital_media reader for memory cards . the lance_armstrong special_edition has windows_xp professional edition system installed . all of these pluses influenced my decision , but the main thing i wanted to find in a new laptop was a top of the line cd_dvd drive that both read and would burn_dvds more about this later . although this lance_armstrong laptop is sold as a hewlett_packard machine it is probably a compaq in disguise . i have no idea how much of this machine is simply compaq equipment and systems with hp badges on the surface , but i ran into a number of indications ( help feature , startup logo , and etc . ) that made me suspicious . the battery in the laptop is a six cell unit , but a twelve cell is available . the hypertransport feature found in the amd technology is supposed to enable longer_battery_life and to reduce heat generation . i am not sure what the battery_life and heat generation would be without that hypertransport thing , but this computer heats up a lot and the battery_life seemed about average to me . the bundled_software includes the usual junk and promotional versions of programs like microsoft_office 2003 student and teacher edition trial_version and adobe_photoshop album and microsoft muvee autoproducer , but there is some good stuff in there too . the laptop includes windvd player , microsoft money and windows_media player 10 . the sonic recordnow cd rw program that hewlett_packard seems to load in its laptops has never been one of my favorites . the lance_armstrong special_edition is packaged with a number of items related to the lance_armstrong ( cancer ) foundation and armstrong 's bicycling fame . the price of the computer includes a fifty dollar donation to the foundation and is income_tax deductible . there are yellow earbud headphones , a yellow lance_armstrong foundation rubber bracelet and a little black bag packed in the box . the laptop itself has a big livestrong logo on the lid and the keyboard has a lance_armstrong autograph ( simulation ) in the lower right hand corner . i should say in all honesty , none of this influenced my final decision to buy the computer . i bought the hpl2005us because it had the features i wanted and the price was right . now for the bad_news i spent three days configuring my new laptop and loading some software i wanted to use . the installations went ok , but i thought some of the set up was sort of twitchy . finally , i was ready to try out the dvd_rw drive to burn a practice dvd . much to my disappointment the drive was apparently defective . the drive would never read right or even recognize a dvd disc . it would n't even play a " store bought " dvd movie . i tried everything including three different disc brands and formats . after two days of this i concluded the lance_armstrong special_edition laptop had arrived with a broken cd_dvd drive . i decided to send the machine back to amazon . com and hoped to get a refund . this turned out to be an easy and satisfactory process . i packed up the computer as best i could . i then followed the instructions on the amazon . com web_site , printed out a mailing label and took the boxed up computer to a united_parcel_service drop store , as instructed , where they stuck the label on and sent it away . there was no charge at the ups store and i was able to track my package back to amazon . com via the ups web_site . after a week or so i received an e mail from amazon . com telling me my credit_card account was being credited for the full price that i had paid for the computer . i was not out a penny . frankly , i was surprised that this all went so smoothly . the return process with amazon . com was my first encounter with that service . it went perfectly and i considered this experience one of the better parts of my involvement with the lance_armstrong special_edition laptop . i would recommend the lance_armstrong laptop computer on the assumption the faulty cd_dvd drive in the one i bought was an anomaly . i would also recommend amazon . com without reservation . i have been an amazon . com customer for many years and my somewhat complicated experience with this laptop computer has made me even happier with the company .
my wife needed a computer for her graduate_school work and i bought her this hp notebook . i always feel like i am taking a gamble every time i buy a computer . i have bought some poorly made examples previously and i am always wary . it turned out that this hp was perfect for her needs . excellent processing_speed , lots of memory , surfs the web effectively and i admit i enjoy using it to watch dvds while i get my chemo at the hospital . we have had it for several months now and not one issue or complaint yet . i hate to sound cliche , but it runs like lance_armstrong at the tour de france ! great_price for a great computer .
have had l2005us for about a 6 weeks , bought for my daughters use in collage . came with 512mb 256 256 1 . 8ghz cpu , 80gb disk i purchased 1gb dimm to upgrade to 1280mb , wish hp would offer preconfigured versions with an empty memory slot ! that said , after adding full msoffice systems works_great . also using dell 20 . 1' wide_screen monitor 2005pfw ( 1680x1050 ) . had some trouble getting dual_monitors with this resolution configured , but all did work when dell monitor was configured as 2nd monitor not primary . xp ( ati x200m ) did not show 1680x1050 resolution as being available until monitor was configured as second display w extended desktop . purchased through amazon 1099 w 100 rebate , this just about covered the 1gb memory upgrade . also purchsed 12 cell battery pack from compusa 99 . standand 6 cell lasted just over 2.5 hrs , with 12 cell life is over 5.5 but not quite 6 hrs . sound quality from internal_speakers is good but no substitute for good external_speakers ( using jbl creature 1 awesome for size ) . except for wasting a 256mb dimm , i ( we ) are very happy with purchase .
this baby is a heavy carry i 've burned out more ac adapters batteries than i 'd like to mention but this baby is over 5 years old and still going . as long as you have anti_virus installed , you should n't have any problems .
hp laptops are not sturdy . i purchased one a year ago and after very light usage to complement a desktop_pc and about half a dozen road trips , the ac_power connector is unreliable and the left button on the trackpad mouse is almost unusable . the power_connector the port on the laptop itself , not the adapter accessory intermittently fails if i move the computer at all , and it gets ever harder to remove the power_plug from the port . from what i read online i can expect it to eventually fail completely , rendering the computer useless . if you search the web for " hp laptop power_connector , " you 'll find a cottage industry devoted to fixing power connectors in these models for two to three hundred dollars apiece . you 'll also find numerous complaints by customers who 've also been disappointed by this poor workmanship and design and hp 's deaf ear to complaints about same . if you expect high quality based on the hp name , rest_assured that this does not apply to their laptops .
this is the best laptop i have ever owned , but only because i do not travel anywhere with it ( on purpose ) . this is my " kitchen computer " where i do all my work when i 'm in the house . i can run any of my desktop apps on it including graphics ( adobe etc ) apps , connect everything i have including my bluetooth phone and headset , dock and sync my ipod , etc etc .. it handles everything i throw at it . if you use this unit in a mobile fashion on battery power you will hate it for its weight , low battery_life etc . but if you use it mainly docked in one place or primarily when it 's plugged in , you will have yourself one fine desktop_replacement in a compact unit . it 's all about buying the right machine for the right purposes ... no one machine can do everything .
hp offers many different configurations of the hp dv8000 series . the unit i 'm reviewing ( dv8235nr ) has two 100 gb hard_drives , tv tuner , and an nvidia_geforce go 7400 gpu . from a performance aspect , this machine is simply_amazing . whether you want to record a tv show to watch later , play graphics_intensive video_games , or burn_cds dvds ... the 8230 can do it all without flinching . i bought this machine mainly for playing_video games that most laptops on the market could not handle . even with all the details and effects set to the highest level , the gameplay experience is very fluid and framerates are stable . with 200 gb of storage_space , even i 'll be hard pressed to use half of it and the 1 gb_of_ram makes for very smooth multi_tasking . battery_life is decent for a device of this caliber usually about three hours on a full charge . the tv tuner is very handy and fairly_simple to set up , even for a digital_cable connection . the 17 inch_screen is breathtaking , and really makes the gaming movie multimedia experience quite enjoyable . there is only one negative to the dv8230 its big footprint . the large_screen and keyboard ( yes , it has a dedicated 10 key_pad ! ) take up some space . as you might guess , the machine is heavier than most laptops because of these added features .
this is a really fine piece_of_equipment . i have been using mine for heavy_duty document_management , word_processing , and yes , pressing cds for my car and boat cd players . this one does everything well . the screen on this unit is bright and beautiful . it is a pleasure to do work on , or watch dvds . i purchased the unit for use with certain trial management software , which is memory and graphics_intensive . the 8230 has performed_flawlessly with no crashes , freezes , or other problems . the 3.4 ghz pentium 4 is blazingly_fast , which makes this machine a pleasure to use . this is not a small computer . it is a large notebook computer that is in every way as capable as a full blown desktop . if you are looking for a little machine , this is not the unit of choice . if you are looking for a portable notebook computer that is very powerful and capable , and size is not a major criterion , then you cannot do better than this machine . i particularly love the lightscribe dvd player . it is the solution to a longstanding problem to be able to flip the cds over and etch a very professional label onto the front without messing with sticky paper labels . nice to get rid of the unprofessional magic marker labelling of disks . once you experience lightscribe there is no going back ! in my opinion the main accessory most users will want with this machine is a kensington bluetooth optical_mouse . i have never liked the touchpad mice of the type that this unit comes equipped with . i went with the kensington bluetooth optical_mouse , it installed in seconds , and has worked_flawlessly ever since . the hp zd8230us is a home_run . it has become my essential tool for heavy_duty trial presentations , document_management , music management , and wordprocessing on the go . a powerful and effective tool that is great fun to boot !
i 've been living with this laptop for about 5 months and am finally ready to write a review . first off , this amazing machine is not made for portability or business ( on the go ) use . its main function is a desktop_replacement . it 's large , heavy , hot and has crappy battery_life . if you 're looking for a notebook that is going to be constantly on the road with you , this is not the one . now that that 's out of the way .... here 's the positives . what stands out the most is its value . i paid approx 1500 . 00 from best buy after rebates . now 5 months later i bet you can get it even cheaper ! and that 1500 . 00 got me the following 17 " widescreen xbrite display full size keyboard2 . 8ghz p4 ht1gb pc3300 ram80gb hard drive128mb ati x60016x dl rw dvdintegrated bluetooth , ir , and wireless wifi b g4 usb 2 . 0windows xp media center w external tuner boxnow , i defy anybody to find a laptop this stacked for that price . if you price up a dell or sony .... or pretty much any brand with the same hardware , i guarantee the price will be well over 2gs . most i have configured are over the 2000 mark without my system specs . too bad cnet never seems to mention that in all its laptop comparisons . the 17 " screen looks great and have absolutely no complaints about it . the 2 . 8ghz ht p4 and the 1gb_ram make any project a breeze . it 's 128mb ati card gets the job done when it comes to gaming also . i 'm able to play games like fear and battlefield_2 at 1027 768 with details set to medium . however , if you 're able to find or afford the optional 256mb card , i suggest springing for it ... just for that added punch . the dvd drive also works like a dream . it rips and burns dvds like a champ , plus i love the dual_layer option ... i just wish the price would come down on the media . and it goes without saying all the wireless functions work great . i get connectivity with the b g in a lot of places my desktop cant . the reception seems above average . an added extra which i love that came with media edition is the external tuner box . it plugs in via a usb 2.0 port and connects up to 3 video devices using coax s_video and component , plus has extra inputs for fm antenna . i 've tinkered around with the box and software , all of which are easy to use and reliable . i just might have to retire the tivo soon ! in closing , if your looking for a desktop_replacement or do n't plan on moving the laptop out of the house often , you simply cant beat the value and hardware with this machine !
i ordered my hp pavilion 6130us refurbished ( like new ) for 820 . 00 . it came as described above except that it included windows_xp professional instead of the home_edition . while i am seeing laptop deals coming down in price , i remain satisfied with my choice . it is fast and beautiful . the extra weight is , for me , a good trade off for the larger screen and increased functionality . the zv6130us is not today 's state of the art for sure , but it is all i need and as much computer as i could hope for at this price . actually , i am astonished . in 1982 i spent 1 , 000 . for a 64 kilobyte radio shack model 100 laptop that used 16 kilobytes for b.a.s.i.c . and i had to write my own software .
i bought this labtop from amazon about 6mnts ago , its good for the price and offers alot for the money , but with playing warcraft or trying to edit home_movies , or even trying to watch or play video applications it has intermitent lag gets extreamly choppy at times , and sometimes shuts down , it tends to run_hot and loud , being just a casual_gamer and just video edit for fun i can live with the issues i have i have too the customer_service in vishakhapatnam arent much help but will defenatly be replacing this for something better suited for gaming and media applications when i can find a good deal on something better . on the pluss side its great to have a labtop with a ton of memoree and fast processers its verry compatable with everything ive pluged up to it lots of ports great_sound for a labtop , hp makes updating drivers easy from website , i get fantastic fast wireless access 1500kbps from my home dsl , even faster than if i plug it in , i can plug my cannon elura camcorder dircetly in for fast easy video_editing except big bright_screen good graphix , pretty_big and heavy for a laptop , alot of machine for the money , i would not purchase this product again though b c of the issues i do have , and again customer_service is a joke , your lucky if the tech_support person you get even speaks english , and they always tell me my issues and problems are normal
my son and daughter used it for years to play games , heavy games . so it was used for five years with hard work , four hours a day . now we a using it to run word , and browse the internet . is amazing that it is still working_fine . overall , this computer is great , despite its size and weight .
i bought this notebook when it was available locally with 250 in rebates .... it was an amazingly good buy . great screen , very quick for office work internet . the ati graphics xpress 200 does n't impress me , however .... do n't expect much performance for games unless you run at low_resolution . card reader is a great feature . i use this computer usually plugged in so i have n't really tested battery_life . very pleased with my purchase for under seven hundred bucks !
it 's one cool machine . the battery is weak but , actually , i took the computer into a hotel room with the brick and it was great . no need for the battery in my case . installed a gig_of_memory for 67 under the base , and it flies . using nod 32 anti_virus . i was using avast , but avast would slow the boot up and sometimes interfere with the machine when running or updating . nod 32 operates invisibly and uses fewer resources speeding up my boot up time a lot as well as the overall operation of the machine . happy , happy , joy , joy !
i have been an avid mac_user for quite some time . in the course of the last 18 months i have owned the 12 " powerbook , 17 " powerbook and now the latest incarnation of the powerbook , the 15 " hd . and i agree with goldilocks , this one is just right ! what makes this just right ? the size and proportion are perfect , as is the weight . and to make things even better , the features of the 17 " have finally drifted down to the 15 " . primarily the increased screen_resolution for higher definition , the 128 mb vram with dual dvi and the optical audio in out . ( you may not think this is huge , but hook this up to your stereo through the optical and you will hear a major difference . it is also significant if you will be using this laptop for digital_recording or playback with garage_band , imovie or other editing software . ) all in all , the 15 " powerbook has become the best value in the line up . with a 15 " powerbook only 500 more than the 12 " powerbook , the features are worth the extra_money . features added to 15 " powerbook over the 12 " powerbook include backlit_keyboard , firewire 800 , 10 100 1000 ethernet , 1 . 67 processor , 128mb vram ( vs 64mb vram in the 12 " ) s_video out , optical audio in out , dual_layer superdrive and a pcmia card slot ( type i ii ) . break it down each added feature cost about 45 each . an excellent value indeed ! but the bigger question is whether the 17 " , for 500 more is worth the extra 2 " , 40gb hard_drive and slightly_higher screen_resolution . from my experience , most people use their laptop hooked up to an external_display while at home , so the question of screen_size might be a moot point , and above that make the 17 " impractical . if you need one more reason to buy the 15 " powerbook , here it is . it is a piece of art . look at any windows based laptop and they are all plastic with lots of buttons and annoying stickers proclaiming the processor and other hardware inside . take a look at the powerbook and you realize this is a excellent piece of functional minimalism . beauty and brains . what a combination . after using 13 laptops in the past 5 years , i can promise you that the 15 " powerbook is the best laptop you will ever buy .
i am a convert . last december i made the switch from a dell x300 pc laptop to my first apple computer , a powerbook g4 12 " . the one thing i knew i was giving up on was weight the powerbook 12 " 's weight is acceptable but not great . this was the deciding_factor against a larger powerbook . overall , i was super happy with it , except that i had a couple of hardware_problems within 60 days of my purchase my hard_drive died and had to be replaced . later on , i started to have system crashes intermittently when connecting the computer to an external dvi monitor while in sleep mode and then bringing it up from sleep . ( i have yet to find a web thread addressing this issue , but i do know other people with this problem . ) the one thing that kept disappointing me was the screen . even though i have 19 " flat_panel displays both at home and at work , i do use the laptop standalone often , and 12 " just was n't cutting it for me . another thing i regretted was not getting a superdrive , which would have allowed me to make family dvds for example . yet another thing was the fact that in low_light_conditions ( e . g. , in bed ) i just could n't see the keyboard . some thinkpads have a very cool blue light coming out of the top of the display that illuminates the keyboard but the powerbook 12 " did n't have any such thing . finally , i felt the disk was too slow to allow efficient use of filevault ( on the fly encryption decryption of your files which i find extremely important to feel good about traveling everywhere with sensitive job information ) . then a grad student of mine showed me the 15 " he had just bought . as i lifted it , i was surprised that the extra 1lb was barely_noticeable . shortly after , when apple released the new wave of powerbooks , i grabbed this baby . i did order a couple of upgrades 1gb on a single dimm ( now i think two dimms would have worked just fine ) and a 7200rpm disk to help with filevault . i transferred all my data from the 12 " ( this was a breeze by the way ) and have been using it ever since ( disclaimer ever since 1 week ) . all i can say is that this is an awesome machine . the display is so bright , contrasty , colorful , wide ! the keyboard is comfortable ( softer keys , though , which i initially resented ) and is automatically backlit when ambient light is poor . ( the display 's brightness is adjusted as well . ) the full size dvi connector also gets rid of that ridiculous dongle i had to endure with the 12 " ( a vga monitor projector still requires an adapter ) . i am also surprised at the duration of the battery for such a " powerhouse , " i suppose it has to do mainly with the fact that the processor is under 2ghz but i have no data to back this up . i am assuming my 7200rpm is eating up some battery time but it still is quite decent . overall , i highly_recommend this computer .
it 's really disappointing and annoying this issue with horizontal lines that plagues the new apple powerbooks , especially the models with a 15 " screen . the new apple powerbook is a great , if not , an almost perfect machine . it could be perfectly use as a desktop_replacement , being powerful enough for most people to do their work and their normal everyday_tasks . the horizontal lines are barely_noticeable under normal work , web_browsing , emailing and word_processing . when you get into graphics , picture_editing or video_editing , you do really see the lines , especially running across faces if you 're working with pictures . this problem is a major problem for those of us who take our display seriously . if you 're a professional photographer who relies on their powerbook to work and make money , you will find that your job will be greatly obstructed and you will become frustrated with this growing problem . heck , you do n't even have to be a professional photographer or a graphics or web_designer . even the average joe who uses their powerbook for photo_editing for his own family picture will notice these lines , supposing mr . joe has at least a bit of attention for detail . i believe apple should fix this problem as quickly as possible , and so do think many , many other unhappy new powerbook owners . when you 're paying almost 2 , 000 for a notebook computer , you expect a great , non defective , quality product . you do n't expect to have problems with the most important part of the notebook the screen . the screen is what you use the most on a laptop , is n't it ? some people claim that they do not have the lines . please , look a little closer , look at different pictures and shades of color . i 've_noticed that full colors do n't display the horizontal lines . i did not seem them in dark colors , like red , blue or black , but do appear on gray , light blue ( tiger 's default wallpaper ) , and earth like colors . other people argue that the lines are barely_noticeable yes , this is exactly what i thought , until i did something different than web_browsing and emailing on it . try looking at family pictures or editing some video then you will notice a difference if you have a flawed display . other than the horizontal screen problem , the powerbook is an excellent computer . having owned one for nearly a week and being this my first laptop , i 'll say i 'm mostly pleased with it . i really like the display_resolution , the widescreen , the backlit_keyboard . the speakers also sound pretty_decent compared to other notebooks on the market . the computer feels fast enough for most of my everyday_tasks , which are web_browsing , emailing , light_photo_editing , some gaming , some video_editing and listening_to_music . another minor_annoyance is the strength of the airport express_card . i have compared my reception to my girlfriend 's dell , and where she gets 5 full bars , i get 4 and sometimes oscillates between 3 and 4 . the battery on my powerbook was also dead_on_arrival when i received it . it would n't charge at all . a quick call to apple and the customer_service representative acknowledged the problem and quickly set me up to send me a replacement battery . within 48 hours of that call , i had a new , working battery in my doorstep . i sent back my dead battery in the pre paid box and did n't even have to step out of my house because it was picked up . i hope the horizontal screen problem is as easy as a software update or firmware update . if it 's a hardware_issue , i hope apple recognizes fault for shipping a defective display and offers a replacement display , free of charge , to affected users . it 's not a perfect computer , at least not yet , but a very nice computer compared to what 's in the market now .
bottom line do n't buy this iteration of the powerbook ( ... ) . on paper the specs are great . but , as several posters have said there are two huge problems with this powerbook which apple refuses to acknowledge let alone fix ! first , there are profound issues with the audio . the audio skips and stutters randomly . i know i 'm not the only one experiencing this difficulty . apple has issued a knowledgebase document on this issue ... but the solution if one can call it that does n't work and essentially implies this machine is seriously crippled in its ability to multitask . when i 've called applecare they either deny the existence of the problem or have no solution . second , there are profound issues with the screen . apparently , there is horizontal banding of every second or third pixel row over the entire screen . each pixel row is darker or lighter than it 's neighboring pixel rows . this is a well documented seemingly ubiquitous issue over the entire line of new 15 " powerbooks and again a problem that apple does not acknowledge . it appears some people have sent the computer in to applecare for repair for this issue and it was returned without any repair done the technicians claiming that the problem is " within spec " meaning that the screen is within the model specifications and that it is not a problem or they are shipped a replacement which exhibits the same problem . if you still feel like gambling on one the good news is amazon has a great return_policy so if you have one or both of these problems amazon will take it back .
i decided to go for the laptop despite reading negative_reviews . as a result i am sitting on a couch and typing this review . everything is good for the exception of one thing i have to sit close to the outlet because the battery that was shipped with this 2 , 000 computer was dead ! after paying a good sum for the machine , i expected to work this without problems i guess i was wrong . the problem with the screen is blown out of proportion . the lines on the screen are as normal as any pixelation that one may see . i have been doing digital_photography for quite some time and after looking at my screen i did not find any problems with it . the quality of the images is the same . sure , if i use a 10x magnifying_glass i will see some lines that is expected . i am not 100 sure , but i think that i am going to return this latop back to amazon for a full refund . if it were a cheap dell , i would try to get a replacement part however , for an expensive latop this is simply unacceptable . it should work right out of the box . thank you .
do not buy this laptop if you have any intention of watching_dvds , playing_music , or playing any sort of presentation that has audio . all new 15 " and 17 " powerbooks are exhibiting an intermittent audio looping problem . apple support says they know nothing of the issue , yet apple has released a technical_support note ( ... ) that offers this solution " to avoid this audio problem , run only one audio application at a time " . i have the problem with itunes , mail , ichat , dvdplayer , and finder . all of these applications output audio . a detailed thread on the problem can be found here ... additionally , i have had faulty batteries and a sticky trackpad button . the quality is just not there . until apple offers a fix for the audio issue , i strongly_suggest not buying this product .
ca n't believe it took me so long to switch from windows ! a wonderful machine , that is a pleasure to use . just one minor_gripe under powered usb ports mean some external_usb drives need a powered hub . there 's no excuse for that . other than that , by far the best laptop i have ever used , and great looking as well !
in october 2005 , apple updated its powerbook g4 15 17 inch models , for the first time , since late january 2005 . unfortunately , a faster_processor was not included in the update . however , it was still a worthy update ! from when you first take this powerbook out of the box , you are immediately impressed by its size , texture , sleekness , and overall clean design . the packaging is beautiful too , with the powerbook comfortably nestled in , with all the accessories , and a packaging cover , which reads " designed by apple in california . " if you 've anxiously awaited the arrival of your powerbook , you will not be disappointed , when you start to open it up ! when you turn it on , you 're quickly greeted my os x , and the powerbook experience continues ... processor the 15 inch_powerbook continues to be ran by a powerpc_g4 processor running at 1 . 67 ghz . this processor is more than acceptable , for the vast majority of customers . it does a great_job at daily computer tasks , and it is even very capable , for pretty intense photo work , and light video work . it is only unfortunate that we could not have seen a small boost to the processors , however , it was evidently not something feasible in this update , so apple made up for it , with updates to other areas ! screen_resolution the biggest improvement to the 15 inch_powerbook is an increase in screen_resolution . simply , a higher_resolution allows you to fit more data , onto your display , making you more productive . the display now sports a 1440x960 resolution display allowing you to fit more windows or more of your photograph , on the screen . a valuable asset . double_layer superdrive the powerbook g4 now has superdrives ( dvd burning capable ) across the line . however , the 15 17 inch powerbooks now sport double_layer super drives , which allows you to fit up to 8 . 5gb of data , on a single double_layer disk . the drive 's speed is still marketed as 8x . memory the powerbook continues to come standard , with 512 mb of memory , but new system architecture now makes use of ddr2 memory . the 15 17 inch powerbooks can be user upgraded , to have a maximum of 2 gb of memory . if you 're going to be using your powerbook , for more than basic consumer tasks , you will want to add more memory . graphics the 15 inch_powerbook now features 128mb of video memory standard , and the ati mobility radeon 9700 card allows you to connect your 15 inch_powerbook to beautiful , big , displays such as the apple 30 inch cinema_display . ports the 15 inch powerbooks have a great array of ports . some of the very best in the industry . s_video output , dvi output ( plus a vga adapter ) , firewire 800 , firewire 400 , gigabit_ethernet , 2 usb 2.0 ports , audio in , audio out , and a pc_card slot . whatever it is , you 'll probably find a way to connect it to your powerbook g4 . mac_os x if you 're considering macintosh for the first time , you 're going to love the mac operating system , mac_os_x_tiger . it is incredibly user_friendly , and you 'll quickly find the interface and design is saving you time . furthermore , mac_os x is much more secure than windows , so you can put your mind at rest . ilife although many power and professional users of a powerbook are going to be using his or her mac , for a lot of professional work , with professional applications , apple still includes ilife with every mac . ilife is a great way to manage your personal digital life . store and manage your digital images in iphoto , jam to music in itunes , create music in garageband , and create simple movies in imovie . furthermore , there are convenient applications built right into the operating system such as dashboard , ical ( a great calendar that syncs up with your external_devices including ipod ) , dictionary , expose , stickies , dvd player , and more . appearance the aluminium enclosed powerbook g4 may very well be the most beautiful notebook computer line ever made . it is an easy case to argue , for the sleek lines , and beautiful finish catches the eye of all who see it . furthermore , it comes in light at 5.6 pounds . battery_life in ideal conditions , the 15 inch_powerbook g4 now sports longer_battery_life , with up to 5.5 hours . wireless your 15 inch_powerbook will come standard , with an airport extreme card , for wireless networking . furthermore , a bluetooth module is included , allowing you to use wireless devices , such as keyboards and mice , plus sync devices such as a mobile phone . value the increased value of this updated powerbook g4 is one of the things that make it very appealing . apple previously offered two 15 inch models one , for approximately two thousand_dollars , and one for approximately three hundred more . the higher_end had more features . those features have now been made standard on the 15 inch_model ( improved in some areas ) , but yet the price now starts at where the low_end used to be . that makes this powerbook a great value . overall , apple has put great new features , in this update to the 15 inch_powerbook g4 . you 'll find yourself more productive with its high resolution display , double_layer superdrive , and fantastic video output options , with its capable video_card . the powerbook g4 15 inch is a fully capable and feature_rich professional notebook computer . if you choose it as your notebook computer , you will no doubt benefit from its performance , reliability , and simplicity of design .
this is just the perfect_size for someone who writes , travels and and uses the computer for research and shopping . i read some of the negative_reviews here from people having problems with their powerbooks and i never feel compelled to write because i do n't have any problems that is , besides the bluetooth being a bit too competitive with the airport . the airport works_fine ( not great like with my plastic cased imac , but very respectibly nonetheless ) , but it tends to kick the bluetooth out of the air . at least that 's my somewhat uneducated opinion and experience . other than that great , flawless screen ( thank god ! , oops , sorry , steve_jobs ) , wonderful keyboard , great working hard_drive ( fingers_crossed now ) , and overall a superb piece_of_equipment .
ok , i am not a typical computer user and therefore my requirements are pretty skewed . but for average user of the computer , here is what i would recommend . first of all , if you are into home computing like surfing the web , chatting , emailing and using office_type software then this is not a recommended machine . why ? well , for starters it is a 64bit amd machine with a 14 " screen . for the same price ( or thereabouts ) you can get an intel with 15 . 4 " screen with similar performance . why not amd ? well , i have nothing against amd but this one has a 64bit turion processor . what is that ! well , for the home user it means half the battery_life of an equivalent intel machine . that is you will run out of juice within 1 and half_hour and will be forced to plug it in . also this turion generates a lot of heat . unless you live on north_pole , it would be too hot to handle at times ... i can feel the heat even on the touchpad .... please keep in mind that applications written for average joe are written with 32 bit processor in mind . hence , you will not get any performance enhancement with this processor unless you upgrade everything to pure 64 bit . which .. is quite impossible as no one really is offering that .... unless , you are planning on running linux . that is the only operating system ( and its various flavors solaris etc ) that is available in pure 64bit and therefore can exploit the power of this computer to its maximum . i bought this machine for primarily this purpose as i am deleting all windows on it and replacing it with ubuntu linux . other than that , it is a sweet machine . everything about is pretty much hp or compaq ( as you can get identical machine in the name of compaq pressario as well . ....
i bought the first livestrong model that came out over the summer and i am very satisfied with my purchase . not only is the performance excellent for everyday web_surfing , etc . but it 's a conversation starter everytime i pull it out of the case . lance_armstrong has struck a nerve with people and helping his charity while getting a great laptop is an easy decision to make .
aunque es nuestra primera laptop comprada han pasado por nuestras manos varias e indudablemente esta es la mejor . una pantalla espectacular que quita cualquier duda de que 14 " pulgadas es poco , ya que su modelo widescreen la hace ver super grande . el teclado muy c modo y sensible . el scroll en el pad es una idea genial , al principio dif cil de manejar pero al cabo de muy poco se puede manejar con destreza . el lector de tarjetas es algo muy practico , sobre todo por que tiene 6 tipos de lectores en uno solo . todos los puertos usb que te imagines . el bluetoh funciona a las mil maravilla y la conexion inalambrica tambi n . quiz s el nico detalle que tiene es que la bateria dura poco tiempo , sobre todo si tienes el_sistema de conexion inalambrica encendida .
this is an excellent notebook . the screen is bright and clear . the cpu is fast and compatible with vista 64 bit when it becomes available . for those who complain about this notebook running on the warm , there is a quick and easy solution . this notebook can easily be run at lower voltage without stability issue . just download a program calle rmclock . i am able to run at full clock speed of 1 . 8ghz while dropping the core voltage from 1 . 35v to 1 . 175v ( hav n't tried lower voltage yet but most likely can go lower . ) it barely warms up even while running prim95 at 100 cpu . this hp turion is the best notebook i have owned .
i like this machine , i really do . it 's a fairly stout performer , it looks good , it offers snappy_performance and good expandability . the size is nice , as is the weight . the built in wireless performs quite well . the screen is killer . there are , however , some problems . the case is n't strong enough . it flexes when handled , and if picked up in the wrong areas , the optical_drive will open . it makes creaking noises when the lid is opened . there is a hairline crack forming near one of the hinges . one of the rubber feet fell off , and hp ca n't get me a replacement . the scroll " wheel " feature on the trackpad is slow , and is n't supported by most of my softwhere though my external_mouse wheel works with everything . it 's a good laptop , with money going to a good cause , but it 's really not sturdy enough . i wanted five years out of it , like my old sony and apple . i do n't think this laptop is built for that . i suggest this laptop only if it will be moved about rarely , and will not see many open close operations of the lid .
been using this laptop for a month now , and i 'm very satisfied with it 's performance when running_windows_xp professional with sp2 . i have n't experience m " bluescreen of death " so far . though there are some ati drivers issue when using fedora core 4 64 bit but it still works using the vesa driver without 3d acceleration support .
i have two of these laptops , and love them both . the only problem i 've had is the same problem with anything that runs windows_xp , it needs more ram . at least a gig . the ati radeon 200m graphics_chip is good enough to run older game titles like serious sam , and quake3 without a hitch . did i mention the lcd ? it 's bright , crisp , and clean and a widescreen to boot . ( 1280x768 ) batterylife is about 2 hours surfing the net , but only about an hour if you 're burning dvd 's or cd 's . more than enough for me . if longer_battery_life is needed , hp compaq sells a_12 cell battery for about a hundred bucks that extends websurfing to about 4 hours . a note about hp compaq 's support in a nutshell , it 's wonderful . i 've not needed them with these lappys , but in the past they 've bailed me out of more than one jam . they 've even gone so far as to replace out of warrenty parts under warrenty , hp compaq rocks . i 'd recommend hp compaq to anyone over dell and sony .
i had this notebook for close to 2 years . i use it only a few times a month . i mostly use it when i travel on business or pleasure and on occasion i will use it to surf the web while sitting in the dining_room or on my deck . it 's much slower than the 2 newer desktop systems i have so i 'm looking to update the memory and cpu . but it 's a great little workhorse and i never had any issues with it . it plays dvds very nicely and the wifi works_great . the only complaint is that the battery does n't last very long . i 'll probably get a second battery which is something i have considered but never got around to doing . eddie
it took a few months , but the tiny_speakers on mine blew out . very disconcerting , especially if you use the laptop for music or viewing movies . otherwise , it 's held up thru a lot of travel pretty well ( knock_on_wood ) . hey , does it have a lithium_ion_battery ? ? have you been reading the news about them lately ? ah , well , maybe the new releases have a different battery ... this laptop might be the reason carly_fiorina is no longer ceo of hp ...
i actauly got this from a brick and mortar store , i had come looking to buy a laptop but the models on display where already broken ( not a good sign imo ) or did n't have a good price to feature ratio . then i found this one i had to buy it . it 's fast , includes a lot of software , but aks what you want to install , and is tough . unfroutantly after 12 months the machine is starting to show signs it might need major repairs . currently the laptop is being repaired by hp because of a screen flickering issue , the warranty proccess was extremely easy . i 'd probably go and buy the 2 year warranty as this issue showed up two weeks before the one year warranty expired .
i have had mine for a year and in that year , i have had to replace the hard_drive , the card reader went out and the fan is so noisy . sent it back to hp for repair and the card reader still does n't work , the fan is as noisy as ever . i have enjoyed the computer , but it should not fall apart so soon . sorry , no more compaq 's , it 's apple from now on .
i recently_purchased this from amazon . they offered an ok price , but also gave a 150 rebate , so the net price was about 60 less than any other vendor ( online or brick and mortar ) . filling out the rebate form on line was easy . i purchased it to replace a fujitsu p1120 sub sub notebook . the lcd on the fujitsu died just outside of the 1 year warranty . i expect the sony lcd will last longer , given the quality i usually find in sony products . the sony is much faster ( as one would expect comparing a pentium m 1.2 ghz_processor to a transmeta 0.8 ghz_processor ) , and has a much nicer screen . it comes with the usual windows ms junk such as ms works , ms_office evaluation copy , etc . i deleted these to make room for openoffice for windows and cygwin . regarding recovery_disks , they can be made easily by following the instructions that appear after you first log in . it is true that 6 gb of disk_space is devoted to a windows recovery_partition . this partition can probably be deleted after making recovery_disks , but this would likely require a re install of windows . i have not done this . i did shrink the windows partition using knoppix and installed fedora core 4 . it works well with linux , including screen , touchpad , sound , and wireless . i am told power_management works under linux , but have n't yet tried it . i do not believe the screen is as fragile as some reviewers fear . a co worker has 2 of these ( for herself and her husband ) and says she and her kids have treated it quite roughly without any screen damage . moreover , i went down to the local compusa and saw the screen on one of their demo models torqued significantly without damage to it . i am so far happy with this notebook . if i had not yet purchased this notebook , i would also look at the panasonic toughbooks .
note that there is a tx310 for 300 less if you can do with switching a dvdrw for a cdrw dvd player . i would have purchased the tx310 myself but i was on a tight timeframe and none were in stock . now to the review ... there is a lot to like about this tx line if you want ultraportable mainly great screen , weight , and battery_life . i bought this for my wife who was very specific about what she wanted , which narrowed it to two choices as of 2 1 2006 , sony tx and averatec 1000 . she preferred the sony , and i understand why , but i would never pay the premium this one commands the averatec is 90 the same laptop at 50 of the price ... you basically loose battery_life ( 3 . 5 versus 5.5 hours ) a tiny bit of screen_size ( 10 . 6 versus 11 . 1 ) screen_quality ( though the averatec is very good , but the sony is excellent ) some weight ( 2 . 7 versus 3.4 lbs ) . dvd burner ( who cares my desktop has one , and this is a 25 50 feature these days ) bluetooth and edge i can add bluetooth for 100 and use my phone as the modem , so decide if this is important to you . since i almost always plug into a wall and the other differences were so small , i felt i was paying 150 per ounce or 200 per 0.1 inches ... i also slightly preferred the averatec keyboard , though it was not a decision point . i also thought the averatec seemed a little sturdier , though this is highly subjective . also , note that i read one review ( before buying ) that said the averatec had worse speakers i listened to both side by side and disagree they both have very little volume and while the sony was maybe a little clearer , the averatec was a little louder which i would judge more important , given how weak the volume of both were ... i do n't actually care about this since i would typically use headphones if watching a dvd , but if you care then check it out and decide for yourself . as it typical with sony it is way overpriced . it certainly represents quality , but definitely not quality value ( e . g . it is rolls royce , not mercedes ) . i calculate that the extra_features of the sony are worth 200 . the tx line also appears easy to break , sticks you with cingular for the highly touted edge connectivity ( i like cingular , but why no choice in gsm data services more to the point , if you are going to force cingular then why not negotiate special pricing for your users ) . it has the typical crappy sony graphics ( which practically defines sony computer in my mind ) . why does sony think no users play games even though half of game players are solid income educated people between 25 and 45 years old ... ? ! the averatec was no better on this score , but for 1000 less i 'm more forgiving . the part i really find hard to accept are little issues such as ( 1 ) does not ship it with recovery_disks , which i expect in the 1150 averatec but not the similar 2200 sony , and ( 2 ) sony loads it with a ton of crap software ( aol , netscape , ... ) that i have to go through and remove , which they give you no quick and easy way to do . i spent the first 4 hours cleaning up the machine and making recovery_disks ... this is not what the user_experience for a premium priced manufactuer should be like ! because it is easy to break , i am trying to buy the sony extended service plan ( my retailer only sold their own plan for twice as much ) . so far i have not found a way to purchase the plan through sony after the fact , but i am told they will mail me an invite to do so ... i stopped buying sony about 12 years_ago because i thought their marketing people had screwed up a great company with overhyped overpriced products this laptop exactly meets my expectations for sony . good luck !
i almost bought this computer , but decided to go to best buy to actually see it . i am very glad i did the best buy 's floor sample had many glass cracks on the lcd panel . i wondered why , and the answer is actually simple the screen is made very thin and while the " polycarbonate " cover touted by sony is strong in terms that the cover itself does not break , at the same time it is very flexible and unfortunately the glass inside the screen is not flexible , so the lcd glass cracks when the screen is bent a little . so , i imagine the glass would often break if you put your computer inside a bag with something else that could bend in the cover or if you drop it or you are not handling this thing like a baby . none of the other computers i saw in best buy had the cracks on lcd panels . so , if you ever decide to buy it , i would highly_recommend buying an accidental_damage_protection , which adds 300 500 to the price depending on where you buy it . i also looked at portege r200 from toshiba . the battery_life of this computer is not as impressive as sony 's and it lacks the optical_drive . on the plus side it weights the same and has a much better protection of its polysilicon screen it does not bend and the polysilicon screens are known to outlast the regular screens by many years . sony might also use polysilicon screens , but unlike toshiba they refuse to tell which components they use , which is unfortunate because you do n't really know what you are buying and how long will it last . one of the reasons i looked at sony 's tx is that it might use the polysilicon screen from toshiba , based on toshiba 's announcement of mass_production of led powered 11 . 1 screens with the same resolution as in tx . that screen would work very well if not the critical design flaw with the screen cover that bends easily . the portege 's hard_drive also seems to be very well protected they used a smart sensor that detects abrupt laptop movements and parks the hard_drive 's head to avoid damage to the disk . not only that , it is also installed in a shock absorbing material . the hard_disk and the screen are the two components that break sooner or later 99 of the time and toshiba wins the durability test against sony hands down . so , regretfully , while sony 's tx looks great , i just ca n't waste my time and money on something that would break in a few months . as far as the wan option goes , the cingular 's web_site sells the pcmcia cards for free when you sign up , so having the wan option built in does not make much of a difference pricewise .
this is sony 's new version of the t_series . unlike the t models , the tx models have a thinner screen , revamped keyboard and a cooler look . i really do n't like widescreen lcd 's on a laptop . everything just makes it look squished and sometimes hard to read things . the screen is large enough to accomplish tasks that are internet and word based but not for like video_editing or any kind of photoshop stuff . this is however a perfect travel laptop with a 7.5 hr battery on hd , 4.5 running on a cd . the thinness on the screen makes it feel like its going to break if squished too tightly . the old t models had a thicker lcd which made it more carry accessible . the keyboard is great to type on ( not for someone with big_hands ) and it has all the features you would expect in a laptop . yes it does have a duel layer dvd burner but the button to open the tray is the smallest button i 've have ever seen . you can also play dvd 's without booting up windows . over all the laptop is great but not for everyone unless you really love small portable devices . this is great to have around if you want to draw attention to yourself . weighing on 2.8 pounds ( most of it being the battery ) this laptop is great for car trips , school , plane flights and just a fast way to connect to the internet and check those normal items on the go .
for reasons best left unstated , i 've been through three notebooks in 3 months . my first was a 2200 hp 'desktop_replacement' that was a killer machine , but extremely heavy , very loud_fan , and a full 45 minutes of battery_life . the next was a 500 compaq presario v2405 that i 'd say was the most useable of the 3 and an incredible value . i ended up with the sony vaio tx650 only because i intend to carry it with me on a european vacation this summer . i will be on trains , and just could n't deal with the size and weight of the compaq . this tx650 will be my gps solution ( with microsoft autoroute ) , my photo vault , and way to keep in touch while on the road . it is absolutely_perfect for this . still , the keyboard is difficult to use , and the touchpad is scaring me with flakyness . the machine lacks some simple features found on the compaq that make it a little nicer to use . nonetheless , i absolutely_love this thing , the size , weight , the clarity of the screen , the wireless , and let 's not forget the sd_slot on the front that will make transferring photos really easy . i do n't care about watching_videos or playing_music . this is my new toy , and i really , really like it ! all the negatives others have stated are probably true i still like it !
this is my first sony notebook and i love it . i have always had thinkpads . this is the pefect size and weight for a business traveller like me .
i 've had my tx 650 for about 3 weeks . the first thing i did was put a 1gb_ram card in to boost the total ram to 1 . 5gb . it 's easy to do yourself and for less than 100 is worth in in better performance . overall i have been pretty happy with the device . the screen is very nice , the size and weight are just perfect . the keyboard is as good as you are going to get in a ultraportable . the battery_life is superb . i have had occasion to use the wireless lan a lot and the reception is excellent . i also subscribed to the cingular edge wwan plan and the speed is poor but better than nothing if you are stuck without a wlan nearby . i 'm not happy with the lack of restore_disks and the fact that a fairly_large part of the hd is taken up by restore files and thus unusable . i 've also had intermittent problems with the sleep hibernate feature causing lock_ups . another negative is the fan_noise . expect the fan to run at least 50 of the time if you use it for longer than 10 minutes . overall a great little notebook and i would buy it again .
the 13 inch mbp 2010 was my first mac and i thought it was the best laptop i ever used . recently i got a special deal on the mbp 15 inch 2011 and decided to upgrade although the price of this thing is quite high . right away i busted this thing open , took out the dvd drive and installed a intel 120 gb_ssd drive in it 's place . now i have 2 drives . the ssd is for os x software and the 500 gb spinning hd is for video since i use this to edit hd_video h . 265 filesall i can say is that it made quite a difference after the switch from 13 inch . running premiere cs5 . 5 is much more spaced out and comfortable on the 15 inch . much faster_processor too . internally the mbp_13 uses 1 fan and a small speaker attached to the main board . the 15 inch has 2 fans and 2 real speakers . there are other additions but you can look at apple 's site yourself if you want to compare the models . with the ssd drive installed , my applications load instantly and everything is faster than a macbook air . although i was loyal to windows and pc all my life , i can now tell you that the average user would fall in love with os x lion compared to using windows . windows is sloppy , virus prone and does n't operate smoothly with its hardware as mac products do . i used many windows laptops and they all feel_cheap and the trackpad always sucks no matter how expensive the unit is . lots of people around me switched to mac after playing with my laptop . a granny can learn to use a new mac in 1 hour while a pc might get tossed out the window . i know you 've_heard it before but i switched to mac and do n't plan on going back to pc .
let me start off by saying i have always been a pc guy until i purchased my 2010 macbook pro 13' last year and i must say i do n't know why i waited so long ! i purchased my 13 back in september and about 6 months later i saw the new macbook pros came out and comparing the specs i felt like i needed to upgrade . i replaced my 2010 macbook pro 13 with this and i must say that i am very pleased . the dual_core on the 2010 seemed fast but when compared to the i7_quad_core the dual_core is n't even in the same universe ! the 15' is super_fast and great at handling multiple_apps at once . the new lion osx is excellent and apple has added a lot of things to make this os superb to others . the only drawback is that apple has axed rosetta which means power pc run applications and games are no longer supported . however i like the fact that if needed you can add windows via bootcamp ( if you want to play pc games or need to use apps that are not compatible with macs ) . the battery_life on this laptop is great . i can usually get 6 to 8 hours of life from a single charge depending on what i am doing . most laptops can only get 3 or 4 max . the battery can actually be calibrated to help get the most out of a charge . ilife 11 is a great addition with this laptop and apps like imovie and iphoto could n't be easier to use . portability is n't as good as the 13' but with this computer being pretty much 2x 3x faster that the 2010 13' i 'm not complaining . overall i am extremely_pleased with my purchase and if your thinking about converting to a mac , do it ! you will be very satisfied . pros1 . the processor is a super_fast 2.0 ghz quad_core i7 great for gaming on bootcamp or on lion ( 2x 3x faster than previous generations ) . 2 . the battery_life is great . ( a little less than my 2010 13' mbp but it averages about 6 to 8 hours a charge depending on what i 'm doing so i 'm not complaining ) 3 . osx lion is a great upgrade from snow_leopard and does a great_job at keeping everything organized and fast . 4 . great apps included like garageband and iphoto . 5 . the case looks very sleek , thin , and professional and the backlit_keyboard can be super_bright or dim depending on how you want it . 6 . bootcamp is a great feature that many people may not know used to run_windows on your mac if needed . 7 . the screen is extremely bright and big and hd_videos look crisp and clear . cons1 . price is a little steep compared to other pc 's with the same specs . 2 . when running_windows the laptop can get very warm . 3 . in the new lion osx power pc run apps and games is not supported anymore .
i have used windows since windows me and i have never tried a mac . the closest i got to a mac was in school and i thought they were terrible . back to 2011 , i felt the need to buy a new laptop to replace my existing windows_7 laptop ( i wanted a sandy_bridge and faster laptop ) . i was hesitant at first because of the ridiculous pricing but this macbook pro changed my mind entirely of my perception of macs . the laptop finishes booting up a few seconds quicker than my acer laptop and the user_interface was beautiful in its simplicity . this is the key word here folks simplicity . windows involve more menu clicking and finding compared to a mac . dont get me started on the screen , wow ! my eyes will get used to this when studying . in fact , it will make studying easier because the screen doesnt have dull areas like on my acer . now the trackpad , it is the best trackpad i have used . you can move on the trackpad and click simultaneously without letting go of your finger . i like the chiclet_keys plus the backlighting led makes it look cool . the side speakers have incredible volume that i actually have to lower the volume because it was just too loud ! my acer 's volume fail in comparison but acer 's laptop have a smaller speaker . overall apple macbook pro design is sophisticated , clean , and functional . i feel like a heavy burden has left my shoulder thanks to the nice trackpad , screen_resolution and quality , and overall ease of use of mac 's os x lion . apple has converted me from pc 's ! ( well , for now anyway ! )
i ordered this unit used through the amazon marketplace . i needed a macbook pro with a built in optical_drive due to the nature of of my work so i did n't want to get the latest model of the macbook pro . although this review is not for the seller , i will just say that this laptop was in pristine condition and everyone that i have shown it to says that it looks brand new . that said , the quad_core i7 in this machine is perfect . the only thing i did is upgrade the ram . it is very fast for all tasks and i do a lot of media heavy ( i . e . audio_and_video editing ) things that require a lot . is it a mac_pro ? certainly not , but by necessity i do much of my work on the go and a desktop is out of the question most of the time . even though this machine is a couple years old it has more than enough horsepower for 99 . 9 of standard computer users and even though for power_users . if you want the latest greatest like retina display , thinner , lighter , then this is n't for you , but if you want an laptop with a built in optical_drive that still delivers on the power side , this macbook pro definitely delivers . i got my unit for just over 1000 which i felt was a great_deal , especially given the perfect condition . it 's a good deal if you do n't want to pay full price for a powerful computer .
apple macbook pro mc721ll a 15 . 4 " led notebook core_i7 i7 2635qm 2 ghz is as good a notebook computer as one could asked for . it is well constructed , highly functional , and require less fuss for all its functions .
i could n't be happier with this piece of art , performance and speed . i bought the mid_2010 version in april last year and i was satisfied and happy with my first mac . now i 'm impressed with the speed and performance of this upgrade . of course , i sold my 2010 macbook pro to buy this one ) 100 recommend this product !
this new 15 inch quad_core macbook pro is a powerhouse of an upgrade from my 2006 15 inch macbook pro ( dual_core ) . i 've always been a fan of apple products and welcome this new line of macbook pros with open arms . lets go straight to the pros_and_cons of this laptop in comparison to my old 2006 mbp note this laptop is mostly used for motion_graphics and photography . pros intel i7_quad_core amazingly faster than my core_2 duo . the name itself makes me jiggle " intel i7_quad_core " unibody action the overall look and feel of this laptop is solid . it 's a few ounces lighter than the 2006 mbp and much more thinner . firewire 800 just about all my drives are either firewire 400 or firewire 800 so i 'm extremely thankful that apple included this . keyboard the keyboard took a bit of time getting used to compared to my the 2006 mbp because the keys are spaced out vs being flushed side by side . i actually like the black keyboard layout because now i 'm no longer hitting the wrong_keys when super typing . i also like how the keys are flush level with the rest of the laptop surface preventing the common keyboard dirt ghosting that was apparent with the pre'unibody set ups . thank goodness . amd radeon hd 6490m graphics_card working in 3d cinema_4d to be exact ... the amd graphics_card is a beast . it does what it does and very well at that . thunderbolt having this feature makes me feel powerful . like the the mighty thor or zeus . unfortunately , there are n't any accessories or peripherals currently out that support this new technology but with canon and lacie working on new gadgets that will , it 's got me on the edge of my seat waiting for em . battery_life goodness gracious a_7 hour_battery_life ? the 2006 mbp barely scratches a 3 hour life cycle before it hybernate . working with power_hungry applications such as after effects , cinema_4d and photshop , i noticed that i can squeeze between 5 to 5 1 2 hours of non stop computer on a battery charge . amazing . cons i hate complaining about something that i made the choice to purchase but heck , you gotta have cons if you 're going to have pros . glossy_screen back in the day , one would pay a premium to get a apple laptop with a glossy_screen . now , the tables have turned and it 's the other way around . i want my matte_screen . yes , i could have custom build one on apple 's site but we do n't want to go that route right ? many complain about the glossy_screen 's reflective ability but this has n't been a problem for me as i use this laptop 99 of the time connected to an external_monitor . slot orientation my goodness , this is probably the one thing that causes me to raise my fist in the air at apple with anger . on my 2006 mbp , all usb , firewire , monitor , headphone_jack etc were located on the right hand side for right handed people ... simple well , with these new unibody macbook pros , apple decided to sneakly rotate the orientation of everything from the right to the left side causing the evil left dungeon of ourselves to unlock anger inside . i guess the easy solution is to purchase cable extenders . left handers rejoice , right handers sob . sometimes i feel like all the " want " upgrades that apple offers in addition to what 's already included is something that these laptops should come with for the price that these things cost . the average price for a pc laptop is around 700 or so , yet apple still feels like they can get away with charging nearly 2 , 000 for a laptop and they obviously still can get away with it because i just purchased one . yes they 're expensive but considering their quality , their beauty , and apple 's amazing costumer service , this purchase is still a win . you can easily purchase a 200 netbook and call it a day but apple 's macbook pros are truly worth it . overall , i am extremely_pleased with my purchase and will continue to purchase apple products for as long as apple continues with their amazing quality and customer_service . if i had a few extra_bucks , i would have purchased the 2.2 ghz model to get the better graphics_card but i 'm truly happy with the model i have . thanks for checking out my review .
pickded this up from a 3rd_party seller for 1500 ( had less than 10 battery cycles , pristine and obviously 700 less than retail when new ) . this is a multitasking beast ! run vmware fusion 3 ( a resource_hog with win_7 ) while i surf with safari or edit pictures with final_cut 3 with no noticeable loss in performance . now i did add the max 8gb_ram , and boot up is in like 30 seconds and ready ( even with the stock 5400 rpm hd ) truly the most powerful computer i 've_owned . bet it will even with better with lion . highly_recommended .
this is my 4th macbook 15 inch with my first one purchased in 2001 that came with the powerpc processor . my last macbook pro was the late 2008 with the core_2 duo and it was a great laptop . my core_2 mbp was still running great and i did n't have any major reason to upgrade but wanted to take advantage of the quad_core that comes with the 2011 model . no doubt macbooks are pricey compared to windows laptops but in my opinion they are well worth it . not only are they great laptops that do n't show their age like windows laptops but they also hold their value well . i generally hold onto my mbps for 2 3 years and i have consistently sold them for very good money with my core_2 duo selling for 850 on ebay . that higher resale value makes any upgrade less painful considering the higher prices on the mbp . the laptop itself is great and feels_solid . the frame is no different then my core_2 duo model but many other things are a nice upgrade . my favorites are 1 . intel i7_quad_core ca n't say enough about having a quad_core on a laptop . now i can assign more cores to virtual_machines i run on my mbp and when i rip dvd 's to apple_tv format the conversion completes in 1 2 the time that my core_2 could do the work in . 2 . amd graphic chip the thing i love about the new model compared to my old is how it can automatically switch between the built in intel graphic to the amd graphic chip . older_version of mbp forced you to manually make the change and logoff in order for the change to take effect . now i can take advantage of the higher_capacity amd chip without having to remember to switch and logoff on to gain the extra performance . 3 . screen the screen on this version seems much nicer then my core_2 model . do n't think the specs are different but the quality of the image is much better . 4 . thunderbolt nice addition but will wait on judgement until i have a device that can take advantage of it . when that comes it will be nice to transfer_files to attached storage at the thunderbolt speed compared to usb firewire which will seem slow in comparison . i almost did n't buy this model in order to try and wait another year to see if apple does a major overhaul of the mbp frame next year but with the new features of this model the upgrade seems very much worth it if you need the extra speed and do n't want to wait for any long term over hauls of the mbp line .
two years later and it 's still going strong . this was my first computer on transition from windows . a great computer ! apple really knows how to make them . the charger has never once broke on me , after numerous_times of it getting tugged on . it has actually saved my computer 's life . it 's held onto the computer magnetically so it easily disconnects if need be . i 've dropped this computer a few times myself and other times it has fallen on my sons tantrum . it has survived . not a scratch or dent . just do n't go throwing it now ! after my pleasant experience using this computer , i 'm going to be upgrading to a newer model , probably even an imac . make sure to keep it on a flat_surface . the bottom of it gets very hot after long use .
laptop computer ca n't get any better than this . mucho power in a small and gorgeous package ! this computer is fast . very very fast . a avi mp4 video conversion took 34 minutes in my old mbp ( duo 2 core ) now take less than 10 minutes . the fan turned on during the conversion , but shut down shortly after that , as different graphic engine was used . of course , the screen is beautiful . i picked the glossy version because i think color is better than the non glare version . all laptops should be built this way , until then , apple continues to be the king .
i have upgraded the ram to 8gb ( maxed out ) , replaced hard_drive with 256gb_ssd right after i received this from amazon . added boot_camp with windows_8 os and that boots up fast as well . screen is bright and clear . sometimes the fan make noise when i play games or running video photo_editor which is normal as the video_card heats up when using heavy graphics program . keyboard is soft and very comfortable . trackpad is very useful as there 's an ability to zoom in out .
a2dp bluetooth update for whatever reason , os x 10 . 6.7 has a minimum allowable bit rate for a2dp bluetooth stereo audio so low as to render the resulting audio profoundly depressing . especially if you have the foxl v2 portable speaker ( s ) , and become accustomed to fairly amazing sound quality on the thing under w7 . not to worry however xcode costs 4 . 99usd on the apple appstore , and within it is a utility_called " bluetooth explorer " . running this utility ( find it w spotlight ) and going to " utilities " , " special options " allows you to set " use dynamic bitpool values " to something higher than " 2 " . i found that setting it up to 64 meant not being able to connect to the foxl , but backing down to 50ish bits or so works well , and the audio_quality , while not incredible , is at least tolerable to surprisingly good . ssd trim update for whatever reasons , neither my os x 10 . 6.7 nor bootcamp w7 installs recognized my samsung ssd as supporting trim . i have enabled trim support in both os x and w7 , and things have sped up even quite a bit more astonishing . if you do the same , you do so at your own initiative , and at your own risk . jmcthe thing to remember is this is just a personal computer . just like a l l the many personal_computers i have had over a period spanning more than two decades . no , not just like those . physicalthe physical workmanship is . . well . . i have sat in mercedes_benz 's that were n't machined , built or constructed this nicely . my dad was a watchmaker in his heyday this laptop actually refreshes my memory of the attention to detail and execution that i observed as a child , looking at the various watch and clock mechanisms laying about my dad 's workbench . in short magnifique ( a pun ) . even the lack of home , end and keys cannot deter sort of . how sad i thought that i now own yet another piece of chinese manufacture certainly the best example of same , however . i did put a speck protective skin on it , and blocked the " steal me now ! " light on the back of the lid with the thinnest aluminum foil i could find , so it looks from the outside like a two year old , 350 laptop . just how i like it to look from the outside . softwarethe os x operating system , for all the religious fervor of its head shaven , robe wearing adherents , is not really better than windows_7 but rather , different . it is missing some truly fundamental business networking and operational functions or rather , those functions are dissembled into their various nooks and crannies instead of consolidated in the way they are in w7 . regardless , i do like it better than w7 . it is somehow , inexplicably , less stressful . even when i was staying up all weekend 'til 3am trying to migrate enough of my dell xps stuff to use the mbp at work on monday , it was not as tooth grinding an exercise as it might have been if i was moving just from one windows laptop to another . go figure . it was however really disappointing to see just how easily the hfs partition can be completely compromised , and how glibly the documentation calls out reformatting and reinstalling everything as the correct course of action . so much for microsoft being the arbiter of the absurd . you had better be careful , especially when employing boot_camp or other , dual os solutions , and do be sure to have an external backup that can function in both camps , before potentially sawing off the limb one is standing on . performancethe os reports 8 cpu cores and not just 4 , which i thought was interesting . regardless , this thing s f a s t . the bbod does come to visit from time to time , particularly when handling certain downloads or archives that have something odd about them , but it is nothing like the old days my last mac was a toaster ( classic ) , and i gave away a lot of my best years , watching the beach ball as my beard grew out . no more of that , i can tell you . this thing has a sata 3 interface oy ! my transplanted samsung 256gb_ssd is sata 2 it was the fastest high density ssd available at the time of original purchase . i was underwhelmed at the mild ( but definite ) performance_improvement it brought to the mbp . but the ram ! oh . my . gawdness . going from 4gb to 8gb truly means almost never having to say you 're sorry . the speedup of operations with both the ssd and ram upgrade are almost frighteningly effective . the battery_life is so so . not amazing ( even before the ram upgrade , and even after the lower consumption ssd ) , not bad about 3 . 75 to 4 . 25 hours , beating on it the whole time pretty much . i may try and " recalibrate " , or may not . the display ( 1440x900 ) is really beyond beyond gorgeous , beyond visually sweet , beyond , beyond , beyond . my tired ole' acer 2223w vga flat_screen looks somehow better than it did running externally off of my dell xps , if that 's possible . my viewsonic hd flat_screen however was trying to look crappy , until i corrected its imput from " a v " to " pc " , did a color_calibration , etc . it now looks quite excellent . i am using kanex dongles for both the vga and hdmi . epilogueat about twice the cost of an " equivalent " intel windows solution , you should ask yourself , " why ? " then , carve out a solid hour or so to go play with one at your nearest retailer , and the answer will come to you honest .
